Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I forgot to send you stuff in advance, but how about some, some, like, low-key ominous music?
David S. Kong: Cool, let me, hold on, let me just do this really quickly to make sure I can do this, so…
David S. Kong: I do share, I do… Advanced… I do computer audio, I hit share… And now…
David S. Kong: If I open up Spotify, hopefully this will work.
David S. Kong: This will be smoother in the future, y'all, sorry.
David S. Kong: And let me… just for fun…
David S. Kong: Let's just see if you guys are getting… Hold on.
David S. Kong: Is there any music happening? There's not, right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There we go.
Mike: Now we got it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Great.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ready?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The five of you who have been adventuring and traveling together for the better part of this last year.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: have been hired by a minor lord named Hulda, the second son of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A no-name lord from southern Sambara.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who spent the last 25 years or more as an adventurer and sellsword, always trying to find and make his fortune, and never quite succeeding in it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Last spring, after killing a dragon that had come down from the north.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And losing his entire party in the process, and discovering…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Since it was a wandering dragon, there was no horde.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That he had nothing more in his purse than he did 3 decades ago when he left home. He was drinking his misery away when a long-lived elf approached him and gave him the deed to a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: House.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the wilderness.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In the far north of Sambara, or northwest of Tolin.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No place that was long, long since swallowed by woods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You were hired by Alden, a small, stout, pale human.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With a curiosity about you all, and a profound fear of fire, apparently.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: to go there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you journey there over the course of several days, first going upriver and then crossing through the forest.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Which got denser, older, wilder, and less inhabited the further you went into it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You at last came to Dandelion House, a marvel of late Drancorian architecture, at least 700 years old.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the funny combination of both glorious and decrepit.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Parts of it…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The windows and the wooden window frames were decayed away into powder.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As were much of the furniture inside, but not all of it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There must be some sort of preservation magic woven through the structure.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Despite the misgivings of various party members, You meet… met Lord Hulda.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: who was… What, proud, bitter? Resentful?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Over the hill? Not in a cliched sort of way, but with the sense of the best days being behind already, and it wasn't that great anyways.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Stuck on a wheel, always turning, one year after the next, always different, but always the same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He tells you the story of this elven archivist.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: who… Self, who called himself an archivist.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Who gave him a deed to the house, to its… the house, its lands, and all the treasures therein.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: on the condition.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That Hulda steps through a door in the floor and convince a man beyond to end a long-held treaty.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Holda, whose only negotiation strategy, in fact, maybe his only strategy for moving through the world, period, seems to be intimidation, failed immediately to convince the man on the other side of this door of anything, and turned to the party for help.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tarek, reading the document, knew that something didn't fit, but Kaito, by this point, had gone from deep.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Fearboarding on paranoia to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Excitement bordering on rapturous enthusiasm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Correct. And, The…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Iveen, correct me if I'm saying any of the names wrong. Iveen, observes that ending an unknown treaty may not, in fact, be a wise course of action to take, and Charo points out that the treasure could equally well be a trap or metaphor. Nonetheless.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The party arises before dawn, woken by the grandfather clock, still in fine condition.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And Alden collects you from your rooms, leads you down through the ground floor, down through a massive basement, and down further still, opening a locked door with a glowing gold key, down through a passage hewn from living rock into a root-covered subcellar
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That surely predates the entire manor above it, and in fact.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: When reflection, subseller isn't even quite the right thing, you…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Assumed at the moment that's probably what it was, given its position below the cellar.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But there was nothing in it but these walls covered entirely in massive, hollowed-out, massive roots, rather.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hold is waiting there, and opens a door through this massive hollowed-out route.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Promising to keep an eye on this end while you go through and take care of business on the far.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Once you get to the far side, he says, go up and up, and out and onto the road, and you'll see the manor just a little ways ahead, and seek there the master of the house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just as he closes the door behind you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tarek realizes the unsettling thing about the contract is that it was 400 years old, but written in contemporary Sambaran.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Considering, setting up…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sort of a note of… Confusion.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We open in this moment, illuminated by a couple of light spells, I think.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As the five of you are crawling single file through this tunnel, barely bigger, barely bigger than you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Making your way towards who knows what.
Kate Sackton: Had we crawled far along, or can I do, like, a reaction to the door shutting?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, it's probably 50 feet behind you by this point.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And there's not… there's not a way to turn around. Like, theoretically, you could crawl… Straight backwards.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But it's not like you can switch your order or turn around.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: what I was really thinking is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just out of curiosity to see if I got a response to… see if message…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sends through whatever the door is made of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And, you know, I'd dress Lord Hulda and say.
Kate Sackton: Please open the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could…
Kate Sackton: Who responds?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): message, if you'd like to.
David S. Kong: That sounds like a great thing to try.
Mike: That sounds like a great thing to try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If he hears your message, he makes no response.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I don't think there's a way to know if the spell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: failed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah. Hmm.
Kate Sackton: It was only if he, like, cackled maniacally and said, that I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Tarek says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Any of you guys seen a…
Eric Rosenbaum: Tree that would be big enough to have a root like this.
Mike: You mean in real life?
Mike: I mean, other than right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Guys, so, of all the things that we know.
David S. Kong: What do we believe about any of the things that we think we know?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Did we… sorry, I… I was trying to remember, just sorry, before we answer that in-game, did… did we…
Mike: I couldn't remember if we had gotten any information at all about what the treaty is.
Mike: vout or between. Was it, like… Total silence.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I don't think he knew either. Like, he…
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He gave the impression that he went through and, like, immediately fucked up any sort of conversation in the first place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And didn't even get to that point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should replace it with a ceasefire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Current events joke. Anyway, so what do we know about any… I think we know… Whatever happens…
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna… Get something out of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: And get out of here.
David S. Kong: I mean…
Eric Rosenbaum: That document is pretty strange.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I guess, like, I'm not one to apologize often, but, sorry.
David S. Kong: Everyone for being a little erratic, a little up and down,
David S. Kong: Yeah, I guess I'm feeling a little, like,
David S. Kong: I… well, just in this moment, I know we probably should continue this conversation later after we get out of this route, but I kind of don't know what to believe anymore, right? Like, what's the… who's… who's saying what? Like, you know, it's like, for all we know, that dude is, like…
David S. Kong: Well, I mean, I don't know, like, literally nothing that he's… I mean, what are the things that we actually know are real? Like, does anybody believe… Did we… did we metagame? Does anybody have, like, you know, you're telling the truth things? I kind of do, right? Like, I remember I did a thing, and I asked… I was like, then he…
Mike: tech thoughts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom.
David S. Kong: And he was… he was… he was, like, shorts, there was nothing unusual about him.
David S. Kong: Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You detected thoughts on Alden.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, yeah…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but not on Hulda.
David S. Kong: Oh no, that's dumb.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: My bad.
Mike: We probably shouldn't have come here, but, like, now what choice do we have?
David S. Kong: Yeah, well, sure, we're in it.
Mike: It'll work out.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but also, like, you know, do we believe that there's a treaty? Do we believe that there… I mean, what do we… what do we even believe now about anything that we've been told?
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what I say? Sometimes, you gotta go to the root of things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm screwing up.
Eric Rosenbaum: To figure out what's really…
Mike: Patrick wants us at your, at your reek joke.
Eric Rosenbaum: And…
Mike: Even if you weren't trying to make a joke.
David S. Kong: Well, y'all, I guess we just keep going and see what happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as you make the root pun, and I assume have continued sort of inching your way along this tunnel as you've been talking, you realize that the texture of the thing you're crawling through has changed slightly, and it's less woody or fibrous and more…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): almost, like, coral-like. Harder, but smooth, with…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rough, irregular sort of edges to it, almost like, what, like the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably at least some of you have seen a reef, or seen pieces of dead or fossilized corals, something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something less like… Wood and more like the skeleton that wood would leave behind if it had one.
Tim Sackton: These… wooden things are… Entwined through dirt.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna, like, drag my claw along the edge, like…
Tim Sackton: Is it… loose dirt? You know, are there any animals? Are there any, like, little worms or anything, or bugs crawling around?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's like you're crawling through a tube of this substance. You were going through a tube of root all around you, and now it's a tube, almost, of coral or bone.
Mike: But it's not… there's no dirt. It's… it's… it's like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Correct.
Mike: Yeah, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… and Tarek turns and…
Eric Rosenbaum: Reaches and rummages around inside of his cloak and pulls something out of a pocket and looks at it, it's like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Funny, it's… it's almost exactly like this stuff. Look at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he's got a piece of… of something that…
Eric Rosenbaum: Has the same material properties as the coral, like… Surface of the tunnel.
David S. Kong: Where'd you get that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right down… right where you're standing, actually. I was just… I just… grabbed it.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a very interesting material, though, I wonder if it could be, carved.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Quite possibly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're coming to the end of the tunnel, and it opens out into a small, lightless room, almost like an echo of the one you left on the far side, except that instead of being covered on all sides, sort of like a womb of roots all around you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like a… A pocket of, all…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fossilized, like bones. The roots aren't living, and they're not exactly… it's not like a fossilized tree. It's like, pale, white ivory, and bone-like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's an exit on the far side that mirrors just where the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stairs you came down on the other end of the tunnel were.
Eric Rosenbaum: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: To add to my question before about a large enough tree to have a root like this, the.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tree with bones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tarek goes over to the… The very strange material of the wall, and… Circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scrapes at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sniffs it. Gives it a lick.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it behaves close… I think more like coral than like bone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sort of coral material left behind, but in the shape of roots and tubes and…
David S. Kong: Are we now in that antechamber room on the other side?
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: I'm sorry, does this, like, feel like a mirror of the other room, or is it just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a perfect… it's not a perfect mirror, but it's, a parallel to it, yep.
David S. Kong: And, cause in the other room, To get there was what?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You had to go down, down, down. Yep, so there are stairs.
David S. Kong: Are there stairs up? Yep.
David S. Kong: So guys, if this is looking like what maybe it could be, maybe we're in, like.
David S. Kong: We go up, we're gonna be in another house.
David S. Kong: Like, the other house, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: You said we'd be on a road, I thought. We had to go to the house.
David S. Kong: It's true, he did say that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Mike: But…
David S. Kong: But also, maybe…
Mike: Also, maybe, who knows?
David S. Kong: Maybe, maybe we go up and we're inside a house again? I don't know.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's gonna be alright. Let's go.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's go.
David S. Kong: What else can we do with Go?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The stairs and the passage that you take up and out look more natural than man-made, or look maybe like someone has sort of hewn the stairs into this,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This substrate, this sort of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Network of bone-like, roots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go up for some time at.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it's definitely not as deep as it was on the other end, and you can see light above you, this pale blue twilight, and emerging from this passageway, you find yourself standing. Tim, we put the next, background in for us.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You find yourself standing just after sunset.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On a wide plain.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In front of what seems to be a ruined house made almost entirely of these roots, like the walls themselves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Haven't been colonized by this thing, but, like, inside the brick walls, the bones are something that grew the house into place, rather than being constructed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The sun is over the horizon. It's maybe a half hour past sunset.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The light is pale and blue.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's a land of low rolling hills. There's a river that goes by,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Slowly, calmly, placidly, lower down.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The wind blows gently. It's like the first evening of fall, like that first evening where you can just start to feel…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just start to feel the… The air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The cold of winter.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I will turn to everybody and say, It was… Morning when we left, right?
Mike: Probably morning.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we…
Mike: It was, what's an edit.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh. Metagame.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: like, Kaito, he's an elf, he's been around for a bit, like, would he, would he have a, like, idea that this could be the Feywild?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or… he would, right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, I think any of you can make a,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't know, like a… Arcana?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, Arcana.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 6.
Mike: I don't know, Arcana.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I rolled a 22. I rolled a 22.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What the two of you know with those rules?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: is this sort of a confirmation that… the… Fairy stories and fae stories.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: that… You've heard of are surely real.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And this is, like, nothing… So much as one of those.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Going through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): An obscure grove, or stepping through an old archway, ruined.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or a waterfall behind which isn't a cave, but an entirely different land.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You've gone out of one… Kind of a world into another entirely.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And as you look out, you see it stretching toward the horizon in every direction.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Unbroken, rolling hills. And from place to place, lights dotting them, like there are houses.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: or estates.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And ahead of you, you see a path that leads away from the doorway, such as it is, because it looks much more like a mouth than a doorway, and to a road that
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): goes onwards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This would be a great opportunity. Before…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doing anything more. Can you,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Describe your characters, and, like, what is… what is your mental state?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Realizing where you are and what's ahead.
David S. Kong: Avo.
Kate Sackton: is… Curious, and looking around, and…
Kate Sackton: You know, feels the sunset sort of aura, but thinks, you know, Looking for the bright side.
Kate Sackton: Does this road begin here? Is this an interesting and important place?
Kate Sackton: Is it just a spot along the way? Who might we meet?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What do they need?
David S. Kong: Kaito, kind of pulls his hair, like, top knot out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's all now's, like, hair is all out. Very, very long, you know, kind of silver, goldy, goldish hair.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: These are Win Schwartz Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There is a leg wind blowing in.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: hair's kind of blowing all crazy in the wind, and he, like, opens up his, his,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: robe. He's always got this, like, you know, really…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On a very beautiful,
David S. Kong: Poland red robe with gold.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: some gold.
David S. Kong: patterning.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just.
David S. Kong: Kind of lets it all fly out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, put his, but his arm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, kind of pulls off his, like, pack and, like, his instruments and stuff, they all, like, tumble together.
David S. Kong: ground.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It just, like, is like this.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh… And then he, like, pauses, and he's like… Guys… We're in one now.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And in his mind, he's like… He's like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Gotta not be so all over the place, Kaito.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Get your shit together, dude. Get your shit together. You can do this. You can do this.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tarek is next to him, looking over, like… Get your shit together, man.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he is… Exerting his, you know, 20-something.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Streetwise confidence while… Internally panicking a little bit as he looks around.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He's, tarek has… he's like,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thrift store deluxe looking. He's got the…
Eric Rosenbaum: Very high-end threads that are very beat up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Store Deluxe, we love it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Eatrek is… Clutching his, you know, he has this… Big.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: two-handed maul that he carries around, right, for, like, hitting things with. He's kind of holding it a little…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: More tightly than normal, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: his… he has, like, his breastplate, like, he… he sort of has one hand, like, on the holy symbol of the Night Queen on his breastplate, like, kind of holding it for comfort, another hand kind of…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: grasped around his weapon. It's probably still, like, slung over his back, it's probably… well, no, it's probably… he probably drew it, right? Like, he's in a weird spot. He's probably drawn his wall.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you know, his hair is kind of tasked a mess, right? Like, he always wakes up with terrible bent head, basically. Like, he's never, like, well-groomed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he's kind of looking around, sort of muttering a little bit, like…
Mike: you know, the Night Queen will watch over these strange places, will watch over me in these strange places. A little bit of, like, the.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The, sort of, in Rogue One, the… the guy who's always, like, the
Audio shared by David S. Kong: be one with the forced forces with you. Like, he's sort of…
Mike: Buttering, like, a little bit of that, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you know, the Night Queen… the Night Queen watches our sleep, this is… this is…
Mike: We are not on the other side, this is not the land of the dead.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: will be safe.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: it'll all turn out. Kind of in a… wipe it in a mantra kind of vibe.
David S. Kong: Is he saying it with absolute confidence, or is there any.
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah, yes. Well, well…
David S. Kong: 96…
Mike: 100% absolute confidence, but every once in a while, he's, like, falters a little bit and kind of looks around at, like, everybody, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is this really gonna work out?
David S. Kong: Nice.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, Charo has drawn himself up to his full… 6'4"…
Tim Sackton: Lizardfolk height.
Tim Sackton: Slung his wooden shield off of his back and is holding it in front of him.
Tim Sackton: His, like… Cloak kind of tossed back his,
Tim Sackton: Greenish-yellow scales on his head,
Tim Sackton: He's quivering slightly as his, like, nostrils are flaring, and he's…
Tim Sackton: Trying to be deeply attuned to whatever might be happening.
Tim Sackton: And… kind of looking around at
Tim Sackton: Kaito, and Tarek, and Edric, and…
Tim Sackton: Avine's maybe less nervous than the rest of them, but…
Tim Sackton: You know, he feels a little… you know, he's a…
Tim Sackton: He's not old, but he's, like, a decade older than, well, everybody except Kaito, obviously.
Tim Sackton: But Kaito's sitting here saying, get your shit together, get your shit together.
Tim Sackton: Give off the appearance of an elder.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: And you can, you can see, like, if you look at him closely, you see there's, like, every now and then, there's, like, little…
Tim Sackton: You can almost see, like, little streaks of, like, tiger fur growing on his scales as if he's…
Tim Sackton: poised at the ready to turn into a tiger, should the need call for it. But for the moment, striding confidently ahead, trying to…
Tim Sackton: See what's here, and what mysteries this place might bring.
Tim Sackton: Let's follow the path, I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just as you begin to leave the house behind you, the path goes up a slight rise, and standing at the top, you can see in the distance
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe a couple of miles down the road,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lights and a little bit of sound.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of some sort of a celebration or gathering at a large house, brightly illuminated in the distance.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So the house you described is the one…
Eric Rosenbaum: We came out of. Out of the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, the one in the background.
Eric Rosenbaum: door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sorry, this illuminated… House Ahead is… as… Holda said the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You'll see the manor just ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay. There's no other houses that we can see.
Tim Sackton: What else do we see? I'm gonna… look around.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, all around, the land…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rises and falls. Think,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): English countryside after sunset, and there are hedgerows woven along the side of the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There are distant, distant lights that just seem like a… almost like a star, just a single point of yellow light in the distance, and you can see maybe a half dozen or so, but they must be miles and miles and miles away. Whatever they are, however large they are, they're… they're nothing nearby.
Kate Sackton: Are they in all directions, or in one particular…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in all directions, Except down the road past this closest manor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So when you follow… when your eye follows the road past this house a couple miles away, there's just darkness beyond.
Tim Sackton: And the road ends here. There's only one…
Tim Sackton: Yep. Direction we can go on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, so it would seem.
David S. Kong: I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is counterintuitive, because there appear to be dwellings in every direction.
Mike: So behind us, like, behind the little house there appears to be dwellings to? Or not the house, the facade that we're seeing? Yes. That we came out of?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and again, I mean, in the far distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any…
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There are stars. That is a great question to ask. There are just a couple. The first bare handful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Visible in the twilight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And they are not stars you recognize.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They're not.
David S. Kong: Wait, so, the guy said that we… When we got.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We go down the road, and then there's a manor.
David S. Kong: And then we talked to the guy inside the house.
Mike: Yeah, basically.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, that's… at least he's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Appears truthful about that, right? That seems to be accurate.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, Schwartz?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… I mean… We definitely…
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: about.
Eric Rosenbaum: convince him…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, good.
David S. Kong: No, it was just like, he wasn't cool about closing the door behind us, that wasn't part of the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, wait, did he tell us we can't get out unless the door's open?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't actually remember.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't… I don't know.
David S. Kong: Well, I guess that what we're getting at is, did he betray our trust? Like, he told us a set of things, and then, like, immediately, like… because he was basically like, oh, we're gonna hold the door open for you, and then as soon as we got in there, closed the door behind us, right? So, implying that he deceived us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, if you're the.
Kate Sackton: Auspicious types?
David S. Kong: I mean…
Mike: Or the factual type.
David S. Kong: I'll just, you know, like, who can we trust, going back to that?
David S. Kong: Age-old question.
David S. Kong: Well…
Tim Sackton: Charo will say, we can trust each other.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, no, we have that. That's actually very important.
David S. Kong: Well, look.
David S. Kong: It feels like we go to the house, right? There's not much, feels like the main option here.
David S. Kong: Unless anybody else has any bright ideas.
Mike: nope.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gonna break that 3D, right?
Kate Sackton: Find out about that treaty.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There even is a treaty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Remind me.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's got the good passive perception.
Tim Sackton: B.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fifth.
Tim Sackton: Dean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): UC… I… Just up ahead, maybe…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10 feet off… 15 feet off the side of the road, you see what looks like a… A body.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the side of the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not moving.
David S. Kong: Who sees the body?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, that was, who was that, Char?
Tim Sackton: trial.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: I have passive perception 13. Do I see the body?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And as you get a little closer, sure, yeah, everyone can see it as you pass.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'll… I'll point it out.
Mike: Is it… I'll walk over, I mean, is it?
Mike: Is this person dead?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, they have 3 long… Green-feathered arrows protruding from their back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And their head has been completely…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Smashed into nothingness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, after they died, someone stood there, flattening it systematically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's human-sized, it is extremely difficult to tell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From what remains of it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's been dead long enough that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's beginning to decompose mushrooms growing up out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I.
Mike: Tempted to…
Eric Rosenbaum: To search its pockets.
David S. Kong: Hato goes up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Turn around.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tries to pull the… pull the arrow out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Before you touch anything.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Hate or wait.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, you said we couldn't tell what species it was?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And it's man-sized.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably it's human.
Tim Sackton: Can I, like… Like, look around a little bit before anybody disturbs the body, and just try and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't know, is there any…
Tim Sackton: Signs of exactly how long ago it died.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe it's impossible to know, because who knows whether.
Tim Sackton: things proceed at the same rate in the Feywild as they do elsewhere, but… .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give me an investigation check.
Tim Sackton: Had that'd be medicine?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To, to look at.
Eric Rosenbaum: the medicines…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The body itself?
Eric Rosenbaum: too much good. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's, 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the 20,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a 20, it's clear that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This person was in motion when they were struck from behind with the arrows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So they're… they're splayed out, you get the impression that they were probably running, away from something and shot from behind.
David S. Kong: And…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whatever…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pulverized the head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It definitely happened after the body was on the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you can see, it's not just, like, the head that's been squished, it's… there's these deep, sort of, hammer marks, or marks from, like, a huge mall all over the area. So, someone, or several someones, were swinging wildly and quickly and occasionally just hitting the dirt around it instead.
Eric Rosenbaum: This might not be a great neighborhood.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Pretty fucking brutal, guys.
Mike: I'm, like, now, like, holding my mall, like, in…
Mike: position, like, scanning the horizon for, like, anything dangerous.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, no additional information about what species this might be?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, sorry, a human, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which direction? The direction we're walking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, like, mid-20s, something like that, relatively young.
Tim Sackton: And they were running… Back towards the… Coral House, or…
David S. Kong: Running away from the.
Tim Sackton: Towards the manor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nope, towards… towards the direction you came from.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So, they're Away from the direction we're walking towards.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's always a good sign.
David S. Kong: fucking ominous.
Kate Sackton: Anything about their clothing?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Noteworthy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give me a, I don't know, investigation? Sure.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 13.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, nondescript, functional, traveling clothes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there pockets to investigate?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There ARE pockets to investigate.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Tarek, search him 100%, we wanna learn more about who this dude is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think he's gonna catch me picking, so…
David S. Kong: No, but just more like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wait, but just, just, we, like, okay, look.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whoever this dude was.
David S. Kong: Probably dude, right? I mean, genitals? Dude?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like…
David S. Kong: Whoever this dude was, if he came from the place we're going to, we should try to understand a little bit more, like.
David S. Kong: Why the fuck somebody from that place would, like, Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And are there any… are there any tracks around the body before we mess it up too much?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That is such a good question, yeah. So, looking at tracks, you can definitely confirm this guy was running top speed when he was hit. Like, you can see the length of the strides, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you see two things. One is you see the footprints of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't know, maybe elk or deer, some… something large from that family? Sets of four. And you see…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: heavy, plain boots of at least 3 individuals. It's really difficult to tell, because it's so scuffled near the body.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And should I infer from the fact that there are
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Readable signs in the tracks that this happened recently, or that…
Tim Sackton: The weather is such that it's just frozen in place, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Definitely happened since sunset.
Tim Sackton: But we don't know when sunset was, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, if it's a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Static, continuous.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, do the tracks look… Fresh, like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a lot of detail you just described. Is this… is this…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Should I be inferring something from that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Absolutely, I… sunset was probably a half hour ago, so it's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's what?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 45 minutes, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe now. Within the last hour.
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck.
Kate Sackton: But there's mushrooms growing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, there are, which is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Strange.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just little ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: pockets.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a writing kit with pen and ink and sand for blotting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And paper, there's nothing written on any of the pages that they have on them, though.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Very well.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well, Tarek searching the body, can you just describe the terrain slightly? So we're on the side of a road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's rolling hills.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Are we…
Tim Sackton: At the bottom of a valley, on top of a valley.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're at the top of Arise, so you've just come over the top of Arise Center.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep, coming back.
Tim Sackton: I just…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a bowl to the place we're going.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, but I mean, at this time of night, at this distance.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's diffi- unless you had incredible or magical vision.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's hard to think that you would… or unless your light spells are still active, it's hard to think that you'd be visible.
Tim Sackton: I'm just… while they're searching the body, I'm just gonna suggest to Edric that we…
Tim Sackton: Keep watch on the horizon.
Mike: I mean…
Tim Sackton: Sure, nothing sneaks up on us.
Mike: That's… that's what I'm doing already.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good, good.
Tim Sackton: Well, I will join you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, don't catch any of those arrows.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Also in the pockets.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a… belt knife… And there are, a whole series of little pouches and pockets filled with…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything and everything that you recognize as spell components. Bits of copper wire, and the skull of a mouse, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cotton fluff, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On and on. Nothing that's worth anything on its own, but enough to make you think this was probably a wizard.
Mike: Yes, sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absolutely.
Mike: Christmas.
David S. Kong: Schwartz, any, like, insignias, patches, style of dress look familiar to anything?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, nondescript, but when you pull the Arrow map, I mean, it is a… Gorgeously made piece of work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the head of it is,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): intricately shaped and curved. There's scrollwork on the shaft of the arrow itself. I mean, this is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Astonishingly beautiful quality work.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll keep the, mouse skull, by the way.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You never know.
David S. Kong: Anybody in our party shoot arrows?
Mike: No.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No. Well, I don't, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been meaning to learn, you know, it's an expensive hobby.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Joe doesn't ask this, I was just like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh. Does the arrow… so the arrow… yeah. Anyways, Kaito will kind of take a mental snapshot of it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Keep it.
David S. Kong: Was it… wait, is there an insignia on it? Like you said, it's just really beautifully crafted, anything.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: But quilt patterns.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, it's… it is not a bird that you recognize.
David S. Kong: Kaito takes the, the, the,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The, arrow and brings it over to, char out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What do you think? Recognize it?
Tim Sackton: Do I?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nope.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: is that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What it reminds me of is…
Tim Sackton: Can I make a guess just based on form follows… function follows form about… I mean, is this like the flight feather of a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pardon.
Tim Sackton: prayer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, it sort of reminds you, sometimes,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, sometimes in the market, you'll see, like, chicken feathers dyed in elaborate patterns, or painted with elaborate patterns.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: in the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Complexity of it reminds you, and the garishness of it, these bright…
Kate Sackton: I do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and oranges, reminds you of that. But yeah, it tracks with,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The flight feather of maybe a crow-sized bird?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something like that.
David S. Kong: I don't like any of this shit, guys.
Mike: Nope.
Kate Sackton: So, quick question about mechanics. A ritual cast of something, does that take… so it's comprehensively.
Tim Sackton: How many minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you're probably…
Tim Sackton: Are there any birds around?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You suspect, you would guess that it is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a little too soon after sunset for the nightbirds to be out, and a little too late after sunset for the daybirds to be out. You're in this in-between time.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Quiet. There's no crickets chirping.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's the sound of the wind moving over the grass.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no trees nearby, although you see them here and there in the distance.
David S. Kong: Guys…
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if those trees are incredibly big or not.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This place… Foreign?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't know…
Kate Sackton: If we'll fully understand… Everything that is…
Kate Sackton: What's going on at this house?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's… I mean, it's kinda cool, except for the head bashing part.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should avoid that, and the arrows do, I guess.
Tim Sackton: How far away are we from the house?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 3 miles… I don't know, maybe an hour's walk? Maybe less?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's keep going.
Mike: Maybe we should just head there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Let's head there, but I'd like to stop a little bit.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: way, so that I could…
Kate Sackton: Ritual casts.
Kate Sackton: language. So that… If there's anything said that's not intended for our ears in a language that isn't ours.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Hey, let's keep walking.
David S. Kong: Joe's, like, in the back, just like…
David S. Kong: Giving himself, like, a long pep talk. It's just like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another 10 minutes down the road, and you notice the smell of something burnt?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And looking off, a little ways off the path.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe 30 feet in, you see a patch of burned grass and ashes where…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Judging from what remains, it looks like wood was piled up over…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): someone or somebody, and burned completely. All that's left are a few…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably human-sized bones in the fire.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Where's the mirror of the past when you need it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But there's almost nothing remains. I mean, it's a stretch even to figure that what happened here was a body burned.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Rocks to…
David S. Kong: But are there bones, or no?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, just a few bits of…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: femur that are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In pursuit.
David S. Kong: Human femur?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, it's your guess.
Kate Sackton: But no remaining heat.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like…
Kate Sackton: Smell, but no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smell but no heat. The ground around it is slightly warmer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, like a campfire that's been extinguished a good while, but… You can…
Eric Rosenbaum: The vibe is… is funeral pyre more than feast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, exactly. A body was burned.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no tooth marks.
Mike: No, like, tooth marks on the bone or anything, the body wasn't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Correct.
David S. Kong: Great, ritual sacrifice.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Rescue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The next body that you find is only a couple of minutes down the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This one also, with two arrows in its back, and the head is entirely missing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And this one has no effects at all, like they've been taken or stripped from it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like…
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been to, you know, like, certain kind of events or parties, whereas you walk up, it's like, oh, there's a little vomit or something. It's like… there's, like, clues about what you're getting yourself into, and sometimes you do turn around and go home, but I feel like we're not in that situation right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's… was not great, though.
Kate Sackton: Lord Hulda didn't mention a path strewn with dead bodies.
David S. Kong: Well, set a pass. He closed the door behind on us when he said that he was gonna keep it open, and…
Mike: Yeah… I don't really trust this guy.
Mike: Yeah, I couldn't think you…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: warn people about, right? Like…
Mike: Wasn't he here just recently?
Kate Sackton: You don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe he got there just before sunset.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well… Unfortunately, I think all we can do is go forwards, but… really…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I feel like we gotta get, like, pumped up about this somehow. Like, this is, like, not all… this, like… I feel like, right now, vibes…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: are low. My vibes are low. I feel like… I feel like… I feel like I was really excited about this, like, amazing treasure thing yesterday, but now I'm feeling more, like, trap and impending death. I don't know how anybody else is feeling better about this, but.
Kate Sackton: I was feeling very excited about exploring a new place, but the dead bodies are, in fact, terrifying.
David S. Kong: They're a downer, aren't they?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kaito, the treasure of the highest… of the greatest value is the treasure in your mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… The hammer that's about to smash your head, you just run away from.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's fine, we'll go check it out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll just scatter if we need to, you know?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I… I…
Mike: I think we should be, worried about getting out.
Mike: I mean, we'll be okay, we'll make it. But, like, treasure's the least of our concerns now.
David S. Kong: Like, what's your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Almost?
Mike: E-Trac?
David S. Kong: He drink.
Mike: Like, how do we leave?
David S. Kong: Kaito goes over to Edric and, like, gives him, like, from behind, and is like, You know, Edric.
David S. Kong: However long we've been hanging out, You always talk about…
David S. Kong: The night… what is it, the night?
Mike: the Night Queen.
David S. Kong: You're always talking on and on about the Night Queen.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I gotta say, I'm with you now.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: do your Night Queen shit? Like, what's the… what's that?
Eric Rosenbaum: language.
David S. Kong: Is the Night Queen, like, helping us? Like, I am… I am…
David S. Kong: This is the… maybe the only time you'll ever see me do this, but let's… let's say a prayer together. What are we saying? Like, what do we…
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean.
David S. Kong: the Night Queen right now. Like, I'm… let's do it.
David S. Kong: been gonna help us.
Mike: show.
David S. Kong: What are we doing here, Edric?
Mike: What are we doing here?
Mike: We're… we're gonna find the way out.
David S. Kong: We are, but, like, can we do, like, a, like…
David S. Kong: Kaito's the dude, when Edric is, like, doing the Night Queen stuff, where Kaito's kind of like, ugh, like, more of the Night Queen.
David S. Kong: And now he's like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Did…
Eric Rosenbaum: Give me a.
David S. Kong: Give me some, like, you, like, you, like, give me some beads to hold, what are we saying? Are we chanting something?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We'll send a prayer to her, asking her to.
Mike: Ask the wanderer to show us the path out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wanderer, show us the… like, Kaito gets on his knees, like, play, like…
David S. Kong: Deep authenticity, like, wanderer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: show us the pass out, and kind of, like, glances over at the body, and he's like…
David S. Kong: Never believed in the Night Queen so hard right now. Let's go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): About a half mile.
Mike: It'll be…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: From the, manor.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A line, a hedgerow, tall, maybe 15 feet and solid, sort of like a wall itself, comes up the hill, from the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): river that's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: flowing by.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Down, away from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you find yourselves following this wall along the side of the road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This high hedge.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Until at last ahead, maybe a few hundred feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Excellent.
Tim Sackton: Before we get…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Before we get super close to the manor, we saw…
Tim Sackton: When we were seeing it from a distance, we saw, like, lights around it, and it looked like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, do we still see there's, like… People?
Tim Sackton: Or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, in fact, that's a good question. As you get closer, you can hear the murmur of people talking.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the clink of glasses, even as you get closer. There's a celebration or party. You hear…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Improbably what sounds like it might be a string quartet, or some combination of…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: String players in the distance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And a murmur of sounds from outside the house and grounds.
Tim Sackton: So…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I love chamber music.
Tim Sackton: Before we…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Get any closer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm gonna take out, like, a little,
Tim Sackton: like, one of my pouches and just take out a few little sticks and, like, grind them up, and then, ask the ancestors for an omen as to whether, using my augury spell, whether…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Approaching the manor, introducing ourselves.
Tim Sackton: And asking to speak to the Lord about a treaty is a good idea or a bad idea.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: While you're augering, I'm ritual casting.
Kate Sackton: You can tell me about it later.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tim, what are the signs that you receive back for Wheel and Woe?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: When you cast Augury.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think just to… Sense from the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, so this is, like, calling on the ancestors of my family, the, like, lizardfolk spirits, to give me signs, so I think it's just, like, a happy feeling or a sad feeling.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or a confused feeling, basically.
Tim Sackton: It's not so much any physical sign, it's like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, it's like a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think the feeling that you get back from it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): matches… Almost exactly the complicated ambiguity of this time of night.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: there's this… beautiful positivity… You know, all of the wonderfulness of the day, the scent of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Warm earth still on the air, of grass, dry in the sun, all of these happy smells. And at the same time, underneath it, this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Discordant note of the first leaves falling in the fall of a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cold that is not going to warm back up again, even when the sun comes out tomorrow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, wheel and woe, both.
Tim Sackton: Hmm… I will report this to everybody.
Tim Sackton: Maybe we shouldn't just… Go straight up.
David S. Kong: I mean, you guys all think, oh, I mean… Kaito gives Tarek a look.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little wheel, a little woe. What's life without the two, you know?
David S. Kong: Well, more just, I mean, you could do your thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Missing.
David S. Kong: Yeah, your thing.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you're like, I'm a fucking thief and can sneak around and fucking do sneaky thief shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that sting!
David S. Kong: Yeah, the thing that you are, like, exceptionally skilled at and known for? That thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, everything I learned about the thing, I learned from you.
David S. Kong: My true, wise mentor. Yeah, you did not at all. I don't… I can't do any of the things that you can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess so.
David S. Kong: I mean… I'm gonna put it on a show while you do this thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But, the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
David S. Kong: The thing is kind of instant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you're the diversion guy, that's a good point.
David S. Kong: Well, I think my thing is kind of a thing that we should not be doing right now. My thing could be later useful, but your thing feels like it could be a thing.
David S. Kong: If we want to do the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you're right.
David S. Kong: metagame… none of us had… we're all third level, like, we don't have, like, clairvoyants or, like, any, like, useful shit.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We have no fancy spells.
Tim Sackton: I could summon a familiar.
Kate Sackton: I could cast into…
Tim Sackton: and send it to Scout.
David S. Kong: You can cast what?
Kate Sackton: Invisibility.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's useful, that's useful.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's very useful, although that's…
Mike: We might… it might be too soon to use it. It might not be time to use it just yet.
David S. Kong: I mean, don't we, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good to know, though.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Somebody to scout ahead, you know?
David S. Kong: But…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You…
Tim Sackton: You have disguised self.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hey, Al.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: I do, but, I mean, that still involves interacting with people.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm like, don't we wanna…
David S. Kong: Mmm. I just… Sneak in.
Tim Sackton: I know, but aren't you good at deception?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, sure.
David S. Kong: But also, like, before we go and interact with anybody, like, we could send familiar in.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: have, Tarek go sneak around and check it out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Undetected.
David S. Kong: I moved on this before. We sent Tarek, like, maybe this is a thing, you know,
David S. Kong: Okay, what's your character's name again?
Kate Sackton: A VIN?
David S. Kong: What is it?
Kate Sackton: A. Veen.
David S. Kong: Avian casts the invisibility on Taric, Tarek goes, figure sends some shit out, tells us, alright, comes back, like, 45 minutes later, and is like, hey.
David S. Kong: Don't go here.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, I couldn't find anything. His pocket's visibly bulging.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Exactly, exactly. Thanks for the invisibility.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Right?
David S. Kong: Do we want to send Tarek ahead to go and do the thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Close every now, yeah.
David S. Kong: How long does invisibility last?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: An hour.
Tim Sackton: An hour.
David S. Kong: You only cast on one person, right.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's risky, what if he gets…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: detected.
Kate Sackton: Could see invisibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: for them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sports wouldn't make it, make it that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's… let's just give it a try. Let's get a little closer.
David S. Kong: Yeah, dude, Turkey…
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of coverage.
David S. Kong: This is the time for you to do your thing. This is what you're here for.
Tim Sackton: It's like, this headgear that we're walking along?
Tim Sackton: it's running… Parallel to the road?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly, like a wall on one side of the road, and actually cuts off your…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: view of the manor beyond, so you've…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You've a little bit lost track of how close you are, although you hear the sound of the party getting louder as you get closer.
Mike: So we're going… the manor's… Down the road, but the hedgerow's, like, on her left or right.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, so as you're walking, the entry to the manor is down the road ahead on the right, and I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe you're close enough by this point that as you come over some rise, you can see a lantern that you assume is a gate. But the hedgerow goes parallel to the road, sort of boxing off the grounds entirely behind it.
Kate Sackton: Only on the right, or, like, we could be wandering off into the fields on the left?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Only on the right, and the fields are open on the left.
Mike: And it's made of normal plants?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, they're… right, exactly, they're… they're plenty plants, yep.
Kate Sackton: Fields on the left are planty plants.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But we are not gonna go bushwalking off the trail, we're just gonna stay… Just sayin'.
David S. Kong: Keep going.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Are we gonna get closer, and then… or do you want to send your familiar?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Scott ahead.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe I'll summon a familiar.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sort of a, you know, get some advanced information type of situation.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I will summon an owl.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What kind of owl is it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: An eastern screech Owl.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Excellent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, so what instructions are you giving it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What are you having to do?
Tim Sackton: So I'm telepathically connected to it as long as it is within.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 100 feet.
Tim Sackton: That I can see through its eyes and ears.
Tim Sackton: So, the first thing I will do is just…
Tim Sackton: Have it fly above the hedgerow.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna fly about 100 feet, and see what it sees.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, it sees,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe a quarter mile up ahead is a silvery gate with two guards leaning against it of fine-wrought silver metal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wide enough that a carriage or maybe even three horses could pass through at once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Behind it, a broad avenue, a broad lane.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Leads maybe a quarter mile back from the road, maybe even a half mile, to a house that stands at the top of a hill.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Below the house, these broad lawns fall away towards the river on one side. On the other, and behind it, there's, what look like vineyards,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fields of grapes growing tended to, a formal garden with paths made of fine crushed stone,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kitchen gardens.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: in long, cultivated rows, that back up. The house itself is
Audio shared by David S. Kong: roughly the same size as Dandelion House, which is to say quite a large manor, in a couple of different sections.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On one side of the house, there are broad, sort of, patios that come out above the lawns that go down to the river.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There are little clumps and clusters of guests here and there, on the patio and on the lawns, and even down by the river. There are a couple of people getting into a rowboat, and apparently.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you would guess, saying their farewells as they push off. It seems like a party that's coming apart, or that's breaking up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or that's in the process of ending. There are 3,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Musicians on one of the patios, playing, It's tough to see inside.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Because it's so bright to the owl's eyes. But there are clearly more people in there, and
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, windows flung open, doors opened.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… I think that's the general sense of it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Are you, Char, are you just telling us that, what I call this?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm narrating.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As Kaito hears all of this, his, like, ears perk up, and he's like, oh!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think I should probably go do my thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kaden starts trying, like… like… I think… alright, I'm gonna try to get to this party. What's the… how do we… how do we get in there? What's… what's going on? What's the deal?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, so what's the road?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This road continues to the gate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, exactly. So the gate is right off of the road, so maybe a quarter mile up ahead.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a… a Gate MV2, the two guards…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, you assume are guards, right? They're in the position and place of guards. But if they are, they're awfully casual about it. There's two long spears that are just leaning up behind them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They're not armored, they're dressed more like, servants, you know, and sort of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): waistcoat and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Short pants and soft leather boots. To their…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, they don't have an especially intimidating look to them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They're not in, like, a military posture. Yeah, go ahead.
David S. Kong: No, no, but it's more like the… not the concierge, but, like, a little more… I mean, they're not greeters, but they're…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, exactly, and the gates are open behind them, so they're not, like, guarding… sorry, I should say that, they're guarding, like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hedgerow? Is that… Yes, that's exactly right. Set into it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, now I'm kinda like, let's… should we add… should we just go?
Tim Sackton: And these are all…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Can I tell? Humans?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Elves? Like, what?
Tim Sackton: Do they look.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't… I don't think you can… I don't think the owl can tell. Like, I'm not… I'm not sure you can tell it that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): distance. They're… human-sized, mostly, but some smaller. There's… you see, again.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A pair of halflings walking across the lawn.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Probably an elf.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or two sprinkled in there.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kidd starts… Kiddo's just like, let's go. Don't… do not worry about this.
David S. Kong: And then just starts, like, walking, like, confidently ahead, like, rearranges his stuff, like, gets his all, like, like, looks straight, and I'm like, let's go.
Tim Sackton: I will send the owl to fly… like, fly by over the manor house.
Tim Sackton: count… Who stay 120 feet up, or so.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, try and be… how old are…
Tim Sackton: Pretty quiet on the wing. Try and be stealthy, just depending on the darkness.
Tim Sackton: Hard to see against the sky.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: stirring.
Tim Sackton: Circle over the manor house, like, get a better look at who these people might be.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: see if I can get a count of the…
Tim Sackton: Roughly how many people there are.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you know.
Tim Sackton: Is everybody just, like, milling around? Is there some order to the party?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Are there guards at the manor house gate? Just, like, basic… whatever… whatever the owl can figure out, and then fly back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I… your impression is that the guards at the gate are sort of pro formal, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): While there are people who are armed in the party, you know, it's dress arms. You know, it's the saber that someone in a cavalry officer's uniform is wearing. You know, the sort of thing that would go with it, or the long knives that elves…
David S. Kong: Potato's, like, hustling now. He's like, guys, the party's ending, we gotta get there now.
Tim Sackton: What's your story, Kaito?
David S. Kong: It just…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Don't worry, money.
Mike: comes to him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: faith.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Are you going alone?
David S. Kong: Anybody wants to come with me?
David S. Kong: Is Eric, handling stuff?
David S. Kong: Let's just say Taric, for sure, would come. Tarek and Kaito, this is kind of their thing, like, not that Tarek is gonna, like, you know… but they, like, Tarek's along for down for this. This is a, this is a common…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like…
David S. Kong: This is a good moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you're going up to the gate?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One…
David S. Kong: Is anybody else coming, or is it, do you guys…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean…
Tim Sackton: Is there a reason for us not to all go?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, let's all… let's all stay together.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just a, just a default.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Posture of paranoia.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right?
Tim Sackton: Other than the fact that.
Kate Sackton: Augury didn't say all of us marching up to the gate was good.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But, I'm saying, maybe we don't…
Tim Sackton: introduce ourselves and immediately ask to speak to the Lord of the Men.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no. A treaty. Yeah, oh yeah, yeah, sorry.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On that part, let's not say any of that stuff.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just so you know, I mean, again, we've done this enough now together as a group, it's like, situation like this, Kaito and Taric are gonna go.
David S. Kong: they are gonna, like, not necessarily make a scene, but, like, you know, Kaito is, like, like, he's a glamour bar, you know, he's immediately, like, he's trying to figure out, like, where the other performers are, so he can start, like, kind of just creating, like, a little…
David S. Kong: Just a little, you know, building some connection with some of the people there, trying to, like, make a little, you know, just to, just to, you know, set some vibes, and then see if he can attract some interesting people over.
David S. Kong: And the goal here, though, is, yeah, we don't say anything out loud about what we're here for yet, but…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, let's just, let's just feel it out and see.
David S. Kong: You know, don't think there's anything here that's gonna kill us right away.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What do you guys think?
Tim Sackton: The owl overhead.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As you're coming up to the gate, the last thing that you see through the owl's eyes, just before the guards,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Notice you, and sort of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: stand and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rub their eyes and, raise a hand to hail you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In one of the doors of the manor.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Illuminated brightly from behind.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: a tall… Man? Stans?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: stepping…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a sort of a lithe grace like a dancer into the doorway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the backlighting, it's difficult to tell…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: if the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smoothness of his face is his face itself, or like a sort of a mask, like a masquerade kind of mask that he's been.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: put.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bond.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see him scan over the crowd.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see his eyes fall away down the slope of the hills, to where the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People are climbing into the rowboat to head onwards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see him note sharp voices raised among a small, cluster of people off and away below the, below the patios. And then you see him look directly at the owl and make eye contact
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nod to himself, and step back inside the house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The guards raise a hand in greeting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But then a look of confusion comes over their face. They're two deeply, deeply wrinkled, sort of elderly men.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: pot-bellied…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With, you know, the sort of hoods that someone wears that's just, like, the separate hood from the cloak
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And they… they look at you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a note of confusion, and then…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then lift their noses to sniff, and sniff almost dog-like, and in their sniffing,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a strange moment of not understanding if you're seeing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Men pretending to be dogs, or dogs pretending to be men.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But they finished that, and then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not a greeting, and say… Well met and welcome, mortals.
David S. Kong: What?
Kate Sackton: Word dope.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well met and welcome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mortals.
David S. Kong: Kaito gives a flourish of his cape, What?
Tim Sackton: Language do they say this in?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Amen.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Heavily accented comments.
David S. Kong: Accented ham?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: ambiguously.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Goodbye.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kate is a flourish. Greetings.
David S. Kong: But before he walks in, though, he's, he glances and says, The festivities ending soon?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The party is ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're just in time.
David S. Kong: 4.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The party before it ends, says one, with a chuckle.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Indeed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: My favorite time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, he gets ahold of that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Where have you… come from?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's unusual.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To see so many of you together at once at this time of night.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Damn.
David S. Kong: Do we use detectas now?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Find out in a minute.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No. Not now.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Where did we come from?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Down the road, of course.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The one who hasn't said anything so far chuckles, like you've made a very incisive joke.
David S. Kong: And may I ask, can you share more about the party?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well, our apologies for being late.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'll tell you this.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We belong to the road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: to the party.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The party isn't our story. We know what we hear and smell and see through the gate, but this is as far as we go.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well… Perhaps some candor.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We came from the road. We saw bodies.
David S. Kong: Presumably coming from here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe, maybe not.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I love a good party. Gives another flourish and a wink.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But also, the bodies.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Anything you might be able to share about the party?
David S. Kong: And the Lord here?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The ones you passed did not come from this house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But further up the road.
Mike: Is there anything further up the road?
Mike: I mean, the road keeps going, right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep, yeah, the road absolutely keeps going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The road… the road goes on and on and on.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm gonna have to pull up the right…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Notes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the Twilight Kingdom, there are a dozen dozen houses, homes, and holes, with the setting sun just over the horizon.
David S. Kong: This is the Twilight Kingdom.
Mike: Which.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Which way is the road going?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: towards the sun?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Away from…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The road goes almost, as near as you can tell, the road goes parallel…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To what in any other place would be the north-south axis.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Exactly between day and night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you notice, in fact, having been here for at least an hour now, that the sun has not moved in the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sensing your confusion, the same guard says, do you have where you're from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Disease that spreads from one… person to another.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we don't have that here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But we have something…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Similar, something, mmm…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sometimes people get infected in a way…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sometimes people get caught by a bad smell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that smell… Can cause disaster and spread to more people with the bad smell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We belong to the road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We keep the road safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sometimes, the people with the bad smell
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can't get the bad smell out of them any other way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that's what you saw.
Mike: They only have spears, they don't have any bows or anything like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Though their feet are shod in plain, soft boots.
David S. Kong: So… The bodies… you guys don't have anything to do with the bodies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My people do, some of us stay at the gate, some of us travel the road.
David S. Kong: But you don't know what to do with the bodies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The two of us? No. No, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our place is the gate.
David S. Kong: Right. And, and again, the Lord of the manor here?
David S. Kong: What do you know of him?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He came to the gate once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just at the height of the party, Just before… You know what it's like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When a gathering starts to come apart, you can feel it before anyone's even left. He came in that moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To tell us to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Be careful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Careful of travelers on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To smell very carefully for the bad smell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But to let in any mortal who wanted entrance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a strange thing, I remember it, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would have thought he just said any guest who wanted entrance, but he said any mortal who wants entrance, send them in.
Kate Sackton: Excellent.
David S. Kong: When was this directive?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just, just, just as the party began to end. Just after the height of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We arrived, of course, when it was just beginning.
David S. Kong: Oh, so very… quite recently. How long has this party been going?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He shakes his head, confused.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like you're asking a sort of a ridiculous question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): began it… Breached its peak, and now it's coming apart.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I understand.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You mentioned, the other…
David S. Kong: Lord's down the road.
David S. Kong: Pensions?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait, say that again?
David S. Kong: Tensions?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of… sorry.
David S. Kong: Well, you just said the bodies, they're not from here, they're not from this house, the bodies are from another house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Do you know what house they're from?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a house…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That when people come out of, they come out of it with the bad smell sometimes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What?
Mike: What does that smell like?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just…
Mike: So we can avoid it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He looks thoughtful and deep for a sec, and then locks in eye contact with you and says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It smells exactly unlike anything else I have ever smelled in my entire living.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's the opposite of smell.
Mike: what's confused.
Mike: Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gives a nun.
Tim Sackton: Are there other mortals with this party?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a handful, a few have come by boat.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The halflings came soon after it began.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They always seem to.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thanks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think there was a dwarf… he turns to the other one, the dwarf went in, did they come out?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And a few I couldn't quite tell. None of them had the bad smell, though.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Did one…
Mike: Come and go.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any number of them have come and gone.
Mike: Since the party began to end?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He looks thoughtful for a moment, as though just sort of,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trying to put that together for the first time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Let's see…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah… they… Yes. They've been going more than coming lately, I suppose.
Mike: That is what ending means, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would you like to go in?
Mike: The house down at the end of the road, the one that's kind of fallen apart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Heat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Says in a language you don't recognize what surely must be some curse and spits.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's a bad-smelling place. We don't go there.
Tim Sackton: Does the road end in the other direction, too?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Roads don't end.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They only ever go… On and on.
Mike: No, some roads don't…
Mike: Edric, like, covers up his mouth, like, I probably should get in an argument with them and stop stalking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We belong to the road, he says. We know.
Tim Sackton: Should we go in?
Tim Sackton: Char says to everybody else, in… Poles, not common.
Tim Sackton: Which I presume everybody understands.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: We would like to enter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you bring gifts?
David S. Kong: You know, I literally was gonna say that at the very beginning, that, unfortunately.
David S. Kong: Well, I'll put it this way.
David S. Kong: We may have… gifts are a relative term.
David S. Kong: In the sense that, something that I possess may be a gift to some, it may not be to others.
David S. Kong: So, we come bearing our possessions. To the extent that some of those may be worthy and deemed gifts.
David S. Kong: Then we have them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You won't like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You won'.
David S. Kong: like that.
David S. Kong: Collectively, do we have any, any things? Anything nice?
David S. Kong: Classic, classic things that might… one might think as a gift.
Mike: I, I've… Some water blasted by the Night Queen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do this.
Tim Sackton: Song of a Loon?
Tim Sackton: Have you heard a loon call before?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is that?
Tim Sackton: gift for the Lord of the Manor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Tim Sackton: Would he approve of me sharing my gifts with you?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Listen.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I am bribable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tell me this instead, and I'll let you through. It's been so long since I've gotten to speak with anyone who dreams.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did you dream of last time you slept?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wow.
David S. Kong: Amazing.
Kate Sackton: Didn't one of us have a very weird nightmare about the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Lord of the Manor.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Does…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is completely open to whatever you'd like to do with it.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I'm happy to make up a dream, I'm just wondering, like, didn't…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: One of us actually actively describe a dream about…
Kate Sackton: The manner, like, in that session?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think that was Eric.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Trying to remember my memories.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Maybe not, I don't know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Dreams, well…
Tim Sackton: Most of my dreams are of animals, which you seem to have view of here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Have you… heard of…
Tim Sackton: I'm just trying to think of an interesting bird, that would live in some… in Tolin.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Conservative An egret.
Tim Sackton: Returns.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Shouldn't be gone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, what do they smell like?
Tim Sackton: Ishy and wet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And of mud and reeds.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Mmm.
Tim Sackton: I dreamt of one.
Tim Sackton: Wandering, lost, through a marsh.
Tim Sackton: Calling its low, hooting noise, trying to find… What? I don't know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But as it reached the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: edge of the reed then came out of the water onto the mud. It began to…
Tim Sackton: carry and dig.
Tim Sackton: And as it did, it turned into… A snake.
Tim Sackton: And slithered through the dirt, shedding its skin as it went, which grew into reeds.
Tim Sackton: Until it came to the water again.
Tim Sackton: And sprouted feathers from its now bare skin growing into a bittern again, calling a low, moaning noise.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was the bird at the end the same or different from the bird at the beginning?
Tim Sackton: Both.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he's not satisfied.
Mike: I didn't…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or are you satisfied?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That, I… listen, I, I, I don't… I don't mean to be greedy.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But it's a precious opportunity, we don't agree. I've always wondered what it's like, what do you make of these things?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ed?
Mike: Edric says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I… I normally dream of… baking bread?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just the smell of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mmm, I know that smell. That's a good smell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But… Then sometimes there's the other dream.
Mike: But maybe I shouldn't speak of it here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's a little… He kind of rumbles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm… I'm curious now, though, what is this other… other dream?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You make it sound like it's unchosen. You don't get to choose your dreams.
Mike: Nee, now.
Mike: But dreams come from the gods. You don't know that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't dream. I only smell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well… There's the one…
Mike: Where I'm lying in a grave.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oof, not enough.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What's the…
Mike: It's always the same.
David S. Kong: Great dream again.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then…
Mike: A crown appears.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 6 points of light.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Coming through the dirt?
Mike: And I'm small, I can't… move my…
Mike: on my own very well, I can only crawl.
Mike: And the crown gets brighter and brighter, and I know to follow it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think it might be a memory?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In a way?
David S. Kong: It might be a what?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A memory, in a way.
David S. Kong: Low memory.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then the grave dissolves.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Then I wake up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When you're in the grave, Is it open to the sky, or are you under dirt?
Mike: No, it's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's dirt until the… until the light starts to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The six points of light start to melt it away.
Mike: Almost like, like a beam, like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He waves… Edric sort of waves his hand, and then… and
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ball of light appeared, like a… But wait this…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he closes his fist, and it goes away again.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But 6 of them, like a crown.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tunneling their way through.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: guard nods.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Grave smell is a good smell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like a bath, it cleans.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's good that you're in the grave.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: sometimes.
Mike: Have you never spelled a bad grape spell?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Once I smelled the bad smell for the first time, nothing else was bad anymore, except for it.
David S. Kong: Sorry, where's the bad smell come from again?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Bad smell comes from… The mortals who catch it.
David S. Kong: Are any of the mortals who here have it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no one… no one inside these grounds does. That's what we're here for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To sniff it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To keep it from entry.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One more dream, and I'll let you through.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll tell you, I'll tell you a dream. But before I do… onto GIFs,
David S. Kong: Kaito pulls out his loot, and
David S. Kong: What is the other instrument that he has? He's… he has.
David S. Kong: He pulls out… oh no.
David S. Kong: How do I not have my…
David S. Kong: Anyways, he pulls out, he pulls out a, like, a stringed instrument and a, like, a small flute.
David S. Kong: And, he just… he gives, like, both of them just, like, a quick little flourish, but, like, of incredible skill. It's just, like, oh.
David S. Kong: This guy can definitely play these things.
David S. Kong: But not too showy, but just, like, a little… just to, like, to show.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give me a performance role?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What's that?
David S. Kong: 15.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Solid.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And, he, he says,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Does the Lord of the Manor appreciate
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Skill in song.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In music.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumed so.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As gifts, anyway.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't… I don't know. It's a good offer to make.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Dreams.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, I find my dreams, it's never one thing.
David S. Kong: The dreams are always one thing connected into another thing, into another.
Tim Sackton: Don't dream.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What's that?
Tim Sackton: They don't sleek.
Mike: Owls don't drink.
Tim Sackton: Elves don't dream. Elves don't sleep.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
David S. Kong: Oh, that sucks.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh well.
David S. Kong: Alright, I don't answer this question now.
Mike: Alves spend the first, like, 50 years of their life dreaming.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Can I share one of those? Yeah. Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: There's no war about what it is at all, so, like, totally…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah. Who knows?
Mike: Who knows what happens, all we know is…
David S. Kong: Perfect, I'll… let me say this later, then.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well, you know, my kinds.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We accidentally have one dream.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And it only happens once, so… I actually share your nostalgia. Well, I guess you're… for you, it's a curiosity, since you've never had a dream, right? Isn't that correct?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): -
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, I, I, I empathize with that,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But for me, it's more nostalgia, because I've only ever had.
David S. Kong: Wondering.
David S. Kong: But if you like, I can share you some snippets of that dream.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tell me.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well…
David S. Kong: Well, it was the one dream, and it was a long dream.
David S. Kong: there were parts of the dream, the parts that I'm nostalgic for the most,
David S. Kong: It's less one moment or one narrative and more just a whole bunch of scenes clipped and chopped and strewn together, almost like a patchwork of a quilt that, you know, is made of so many different colors and shapes and textures and smells.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But it would go from…
David S. Kong: One scene with just massive trees of unimaginable size, swaying in huge roots and just…
David S. Kong: Large, craggy grass, and this kind of feeling of something so raw and alive.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then all of a sudden.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nothingness in the night sky, and just… Black.
David S. Kong: Except stars. Everywhere. And then shifting from stars to blackness.
David S. Kong: And then all of a sudden, the crashing of waves smashing over your head, and you're in a boat rocking up and down, and up and down, and your body's swaying back and forth, and then you feel like you're in the middle of the ocean, except you're not. You're in the middle of a fire, and you're in a flame inside of the fireplace, and it's just raging hot, and you're sweating, and it's just so incredibly uncomfortable, until you hear the sound of a voice singing.
David S. Kong: But it's your siblings, except do you have siblings or not have siblings in real life? It's hard to say, but the voices are so golden and beautiful and piercing, and they pull you out of the fire, and the next thing you know, you look down, and
David S. Kong: You're a bird, or maybe you're not even a bird, but you're flying, and you can see down below, hundreds and hundreds of feet down, maybe miles down below, just the spots of…
David S. Kong: Houses and buildings.
David S. Kong: And it just goes on and on like that.
David S. Kong: And… I'll never have another one.
David S. Kong: But… The one was pretty good.
David S. Kong: And I like that I can go back and visit parts of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I suspect sometimes that the lord of this house, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lives always with a sense of having lost something that won't come back again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not just that won't come back again, that can't ever come back again.
David S. Kong: Wait, say that last part again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the Lord of this house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lives having lost something like you that he cannot ever recover once again.
David S. Kong: Mmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I don't hear you describing it as… loss, or… grief, I hear…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Acceptance of that change?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Totally.
David S. Kong: No regrets, no remorse. Onwards.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It is what it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kit, I don't want to cut you off if you've got one lined up, but I'm also happy to move us in.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But alright.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I would… if, if we…
Kate Sackton: Got flummoxed by the Elves Don't Dream. I had something to say to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, full.
Kate Sackton: third one, so we need it as needed, but I'm fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They gesture for you to step through the gate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stop.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: flipping through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see the long… actually, Tim, will you put on the next, background for us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see the long, sloping lawn that leads from the river's edge up to the patios and open doors of a bright and handsome house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see string lights strung in globes going down the hill as the ground falls away ahead of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see, groups 1s and twos and 4s and fives.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You see the signs of a party ending?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The lighting is strange in the house, uneven. Some rooms brightly lit, and some less so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see that…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On a second glance, many of the lanterns have already gone out, and in others, the candles are flickering low. You see…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hmm…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Empty glasses left in strange places, like the side of the pathway here, where a plate and wine goblet have been set.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Long after you've left this place behind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Long after all of the details of it have faded from your head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the colors that are so vivid in this moment are drained away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Long after you've forgotten the accents of the speakers, or even the language that they spoke to you in, and the music that the players play returns to you only in your dreams.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You remember… The feeling of the coolness in the air, like the first smell of winter in late October.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, the moment… When you're still dancing with her and you know she's left you already.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And when evening falls… And you can't distinguish whether the shape in the distance
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is a man at rest, or a corpse on the ground?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's not, in those days, A memory of this place that returns to you, then.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But a kind of knowing, deeper than words and deeper than thought, that the day has already slipped between your fingers. That you've already lost it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the party is already ending by the time you've arrived at it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Never to return.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): An evening has come.
David S. Kong: Sorry, what's never to return?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The celebration, the day… Everything that's passed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is finally… Passed.
David S. Kong: Schwartz, is there the feeling that this ending of the party, like, has this been going on for years? Or is this actually, like, the ending of a… or could it have been going on for years? Or is it actually, like, a… do you know what I mean? Like…
David S. Kong: Is there any vibe? Like, the whole thing is… feels very eerie, you know, this whole… this whole place, again, it's that kind of weird, slightly creepy, like, The Shining-ish. It's like… you know what it feels like, Schwartz? It feels like we're in a Stanley Kubrick movie. For me, this is kind of what it feels like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): High praise call, thank you.
David S. Kong: No, seriously, it does, it's amazing. So it's like, it's like,
David S. Kong: that's kind of like, like, has this party been at the ending phase for, like, eternity? Or is it, like… do you know what I mean? Is there any… is it creepy like that? Or is it, like, kind of like, oh, it actually is kind of a denouement after, like, a, you know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me answer slightly indirectly.
David S. Kong: Great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking down the hill.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see two people climbing into a rowboat in the river, setting their oars in the oarlocks, getting ready to cast off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the patio… The musicians call out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: One moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or, one more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you realize, you heard them call that 2 or 3 times as you were talking with the guard.
Kate Sackton: And haven't there been people getting in a boat on the river?
Mike: Rowboat… row off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the sense of it, rather than being frozen in time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is that it is the same thing happening over and over again, but each time that you see it, it's like you're seeing it for the first time. And it takes a kind of conscious effort on your part.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To notice that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not something new that… no, no, no, those… those are the same people. The boat has just turned 30 degrees, but it's the same boat, and the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The person who I thought was in front is actually in back, but it's the same people.
Mike: So, like, Edge's very… Egypt's very literal, like.
Mike: Literally watching the people in the boat, like, just staring at them.
Mike: Do they, like, row off a little bit, and then turn around and come back? Do they never cast off at all? Like, what do they actually do?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They never cast off at all, because as the oars are set, someone comes up on the bank and strikes up a conversation with them, and then…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's an endless series of delays and obfuscations until even he, can't keep focus, looks away for just a moment.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And when he looks back again, it's the same moment beginning.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Over and over and over again.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So they're never… it's… they're… it's like a leader.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, although, .
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A loop is not quite right, because it's not identical each time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's like, it's like everyone's got a fake book, and they're playing their own…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Version of the same 8 bars over and over and over again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's different every time, but it's the same 8 bars, you know?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh.
Mike: Tim, we can't hear you.
Tim Sackton: I want to find the half lines.
Mike: This is gonna look…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Back at the guards.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, are they back to watching the road?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They are apparently totally uninterested in anything that happens inside the gate.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: their whole… Focus, they're raising their noses to the wind.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And sniffing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And one squats down into an easy crouch, and it's difficult to tell for…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Half a second.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whether it's a… Person squatting down like a dog.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or a dog standing back up again into a person's chair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can see… oh, sorry, the halflings are down in one of the… in the lawn near one of the patios.
Mike: We're just gonna walk back over to the guard for a minute, just like… 10 steps back towards them.
Mike: Not in, like… Sweet.
Mike: It's okay to leave, right?
Mike: Like, I'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah?
Mike: Walk out, like.
Mike: Can I just go check something on the road for a minute? I just want to smell the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of course, we're not here to keep anyone in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We belong to the road, we're here to keep the road safe.
Mike: AJ's gonna walk out onto the road, and then turn around and walk back in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's all good.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Because those people down there don't seem to have left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know how it is when a party's ending. People take forever to say goodbye.
Mike: Egypt kind of outside.
Mike: I don't know if I've ever been to a party quite like this, but…
Mike: That's not like how it is.
Mike: Anyway, go.
Kate Sackton: We walk towards the halflings.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's what Chao's doing. I… we don't all have to do the same thing.
Kate Sackton: 6 strange mortals, or five strange mortals descending on a pair of halflings might not… be necessary?
Kate Sackton: Is there anyone else we can see?
David S. Kong: Yeah, Schwartz, is there, there were still performers, right, someplace?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, so there's a trio playing on the balcony. There's, I mean…
Kate Sackton: Let's go shop, talk shop with the musicians.
David S. Kong: Yeah, there's dozens of… it's just like, I think we're safe. I don't think there's anything, you know, this doesn't feel…
David S. Kong: I mean, we're safe in, like, I don't think anybody's gonna get, you know, bashed to death with, you know, instrument, blunt instrument here.
Kate Sackton: I think.
Mike: It's just a large point instrument.
Mike: Sort of.
David S. Kong: Like, the danger here… the danger here is more like getting trapped by having your soul trapped here for eternity.
David S. Kong: Or, signing on to some.
Mike: He drink pats his breastplate reassuringly, like, the Night Queen will take care of my soul, I'll be okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you're fine.
Kate Sackton: I'd like to stay here because…
David S. Kong: I'm the one that's, you know…
David S. Kong: Likely to do something dumb here, but…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the owl's still flying around overhead and can presumably see everybody.
Kate Sackton: Great, that works for you, but I can't see you through an owl, so I'm gonna stay where I can see you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, the vibe is unsettling, but not overtly dangerous. Yeah. I mean, the unsettling is just the nature of a… of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sort of frozen… That everything is simultaneously frozen and in motion at the same time?
Kate Sackton: I'm also thinking ahead that, like, if we're chatting with someone, and you're chatting with someone, and the Lord of the Manor comes up to chat with us.
Kate Sackton: You might want to drift in our direction.
Kate Sackton: Sort of thing.
David S. Kong: Well, why don't we just stay in… why don't we just stay… why don't we just stay in eyesight of each other?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: That's my point. Let's just keep ahold of each other.
David S. Kong: Kaito will wander over to the, the instrumentalists.
David S. Kong: We can do these little vignettes separately, or whatever.
Mike: Dietrich will walk around, Everybody wandering off at a minor moment of panic, and then… Tag after Charo.
Mike: Who seems safer than talking to musicians, which is kind of nerve-wracking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. Okay, so… halflings, musicians… anything else?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At this stage, that's the two.
Kate Sackton: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who wants to go… first?
David S. Kong: Like Congo.
Tim Sackton: First, because he's got to jump off at 11.
David S. Kong: that may have a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's right.
David S. Kong: Kaito will saunter over to the musicians. What are they playing?
Kate Sackton: Bathing with them.
Kate Sackton: Buddy system.
Kate Sackton: beans with you, buddy. Okay, great.
Kate Sackton: party system.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Three stringed instruments, like,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something like a cello and violin and viola, but with more strings than you're used to on any of them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: All of them are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are… Tall and slender and long and strong-fingered as their…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hands move over the strings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The music is… Clearly, these are professionals and excellent at what they do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can see they're tired, clearly they've been at it for a long while.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not that anything is incorrect or is missed, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. You know, you have the ear to hear, oh, that… that was a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fraction of a second later than it should have been.
David S. Kong: player at the end of the night when I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly right.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I have seen it a million times.
David S. Kong: Kaito, Kaito will, as he gets closer, and sorry, what are they playing again? Are they playing string instruments?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, cello, violin, viola. Perfect. Ish. Perfect, yeah. Perfect.
David S. Kong: Kaito, Kaito will,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Again, you know, with, with,
David S. Kong: All of the social graces and etiquette of somebody, of his skill and ability. Gets close enough and makes eye contact, so they are all… all of the other players are aware that he is approaching.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And also, you know.
David S. Kong: Makes aware of his own, stringed instrument, and is kind of just, you know, kind of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: like…
David S. Kong: showing it, like, but approaching slowly. And then also, you know, kind of just giving a glance and eye contact, sort of, like, asking, like, permission to play with you guys a little bit, just, you know, but again, he's very, you know, he knows to not overstep his bounds, but is also just, like, kind of, you know.
David S. Kong: You're giving a slight glance over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the, like, the vibe you get is that this is not, like, an open session kind of thing, that this is.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): These are…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Got it, got it. They're doing their.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Clearly hired for a…
David S. Kong: You know?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a thing. But, after about a minute or so,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The peace comes to an end.
David S. Kong: In an unsatisfying way, like you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You expect a certain resolution, and it gets close, but it doesn't give you, like, the final, dumb, dumb, you know?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No. Oh, no.
David S. Kong: Oh, no.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Right, so there's something un…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Finished about that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a smattering of applause and a few distant calls for one more, one more, and the players.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, one waxes their bow, and another reaches down for a glass of wine that's mostly drunk under their seat and takes a sip. And the third looks up at you and gives a nod.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A player also,
David S. Kong: Would you like some relief?
David S. Kong: I can, I can, I can play a tune if you'd like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I dearly would, but The Lord of the House was very clear on this point. Besides, we just have one more to play, and we are done with this set, finally.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Congratulations. Delighted to hear it. It's been a delightful set.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you, thank you.
David S. Kong: Kiddo.
David S. Kong: steps back and… Excited to hear.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They take a deep breath.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Pick up, and the leader calls out, one more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One more before you go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And begins to play.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Smash Cut to Halflings.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The two halflings, you get the impression, are.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Probably about…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Half drunk, and they're both sitting on the lawn next to each other.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Having a sort of a long, slow,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): argument. The sort of argument with, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Raise voices and sharpness, but a real kind of friendly quality of banter and insult of two people who have been long companions and are arguing as much for fun as for anything else.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So Char will approach them, and sort of… Give a slight…
Tim Sackton: nod or bow.
Tim Sackton: Slightly awkwardly, he's not particularly good at social graces, and say, in… Amen.
Tim Sackton: Sorry to…
Tim Sackton: Sorry to interrupt, I couldn't help but notice that there's not too many mortals here, and I…
Tim Sackton: Just have to ask, what brings you to this place?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You… wow, wow, oh, yeah, okay, okay, so… Just… just to be clear…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're not a fey that looks like a lizard. You are, in fact, a lizard that looks like a lizard.
Tim Sackton: I am indeed a lizardfolk of Talgar, if that is what you are asking, from the Greywash near Tolin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the, the second halfling just throws his hands up in the air, like, and then, like, falls over sideways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow, wow, wow, says the first half, like, this is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will you settle an argument for us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is a lion tamer, Afraid of a lion.
Tim Sackton: I have never met a lion tamer.
Tim Sackton: I have… Meta.
Tim Sackton: lion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You've met a lion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow, man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he just falls silent and stares off into space, like, just deeply pondering this.
Tim Sackton: My name is Char, or you are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): barn, and this is Pandel. He's a little overwhelmed. We have… it's, I haven't seen a lizard, it's been…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's been, it's been…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, but we haven't seen a… we just haven't seen a lizard. A lizardfolk in.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: Where are you… where are you from, my friend?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa, goodness, well, .
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We, we… Grew up, didn't… Jardens!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, I mean, out… out in the sticks, man!
Tim Sackton: I've never been…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you heard of Chardon?
Tim Sackton: Indeed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just a little… It's a little spot.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Way out there by the ocean.
Tim Sackton: What's it like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it's a little bit of rough living, but I mean, we, you know, we get around, it seemed like a good spot to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to make something, what my family said was, you gotta get in on the ground floor. And so, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go to the edges of the empire, you set up your shop there, and it's gonna pay off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One of these days, it's gonna pay off.
Mike: More and more confused.
Tim Sackton: It's on the edges of… Which empire?
Mike: Starting, like, big?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Empire? And he grabs the guy next to him, and he shakes him and sets him back up again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Say, say that, say that again. I want him to hear you so he falls over.
Tim Sackton: The edges of which empire?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the second half villain busts out laughing and falls over. Where are you guys from?
Tim Sackton: Hold on… The graywash, I told you.
Tim Sackton: Colin existed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, alright, Tolin, good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seth though, they have a… what do they have, a bridge there?
David S. Kong: When are these guys from?
Tim Sackton: They do have a… well, I know, but I don't know if Char knows. Sort of cheating.
Tim Sackton: There is a bridge.
Tim Sackton: You've heard of Tolin?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah!
Tim Sackton: Sambara?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jersey?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Duhd… Maybe, man, I hear a lot of, a lot of places from a lot of people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oof.
Kate Sackton: Have you met him? Okay.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I'm not even there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no, I mean, I'm… I know, after checking my notes, yeah, I know everybody knows where Sambara is, it's… it's out… it's out there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why? Well, you… What's going on here, though? Why are you asking me all this?
Tim Sackton: I'm curious how long you've been here.
Tim Sackton: And you also seem very drunk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, yeah, there was a little bit… there's a little bit… there's a little bit of that.
Mike: Can we help you in some way?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We got here.
Mike: some water.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Actually, yeah… Actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't need water, but if you would get another bottle of wine, that would be… that would be…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm just like, bring it here so we don't have to go back in the room with the tiger again.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That…
Mike: Tiger?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, he's… I know he's not a tiger. He's… I'm sure he's perfectly nice, it's just like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a certain size of thing that when it can eat you in a single bite.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just… just, like, as a policy, you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oof, you keep your distance.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, how long have you been here again?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He got here in the morning.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So what is it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's evening now!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How long have you been here?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Un…
Tim Sackton: No, the sun isn't moving in the sky, right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, cause it takes time. I mean… Wait…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The sun isn't moving in the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're one of those people who thinks the Earth rotates under the sun?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And the sun stays still?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm not… this is…
Tim Sackton: We spend the winter on, like, 4 hip first.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We got here… it's been… it's been like a day, man. We got here in the morning, we…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Had this beautiful day.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, it was glorious, we met so many friends!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I got to ride on a rabbit that was the size of a pony.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It was the greatest… it… It was amazing. I fell off. It hurt. But… Then we got,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We got a… someone was headed downriver and they didn't need their boat, or possibly we liberated their boat from them, because we decided they didn't need their boat, and
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We got here… Oh, we got here and the party was in full swing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Full swing. It was… it was beautiful.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It was beautiful, but it, you know…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Every party has a lifespan. This place started winding down soon… soon after we got here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I figure if we just retrace our steps…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We take the boat back up the river, We find the rabbit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, you know, Probably will get home by tomorrow morning.
Tim Sackton: So, why don't you?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Music hasn't ended yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a little more wine, still…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Party's coming apart, but it's not over.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's just ending.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: You ready to say you were born?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna ask you… okay, I got a question for you first.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: is the… We were having…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was gonna say we were having a disagreement. Actually, one of us was having a disagreement, and the other one was correct.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: About the difference between fear and respect.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I s… He was trying to say, that…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You shouldn't be afraid of dangerous things, you just respect them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I said, that is ridiculous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): respect for dangerous things is what fear is. Like, if…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He's trying to say, if… if, if you're a lion tamer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You shouldn't be afraid of the lion that's gonna eat you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is ridiculous. You should be terrified of the line, it's gonna eat you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: he said, A swords… he thought this was very wise. He says, a swordsman…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): does not fear the blade they carry. They fear every other blade? Like, I…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't think there's a difference.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Do you think there's a difference?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fear and respect.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Duh!
Mike: Obviously there is.
Tim Sackton: It just looks confused.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What are you, like… Not smart?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wow. Wow. How long have we known each other? Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: You were part of this conversation so much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What happened?
David S. Kong: Edric.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You probably wrapped up with the musicians if you want to wander over this way.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Chardon! I was born in Chardon.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That…
Mike: Let me get you your Y.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thank you. Okay, that makes up for all the insults. Thank you, thank you. Yep.
David S. Kong: Apologies for joining this conversation late.
Tim Sackton: Traveler introduced.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: God, it's a fucking elf! Oh my god! Oh my god! Yeah. Wow!
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
David S. Kong: What are you thinking?
Tim Sackton: We are still standing there just looking kind of confused by the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: situation.
Mike: I'm gonna go and look for some wine.
David S. Kong: Yeah… Kaito, Kaito kinda,
Kate Sackton: I'm in the middle of Edric.
David S. Kong: Kaito smoothly slides his way over, and then, just kind of, like, underneath his robe, pulls out, like, a little flask, and is like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Now, here's the thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hmm. I can guarantee you…
David S. Kong: 100%.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mmm!
David S. Kong: You're gonna like what's in here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How can you guarantee this?
David S. Kong: How can what?
David S. Kong: Well… And then the caterer gives it, like, a sniff.
David S. Kong: Based on what you smell like.
David S. Kong: And the type of alcohol you've been consuming all evening?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm…
David S. Kong: I'm detecting a hint of rose, a little bit of, you know, a little rose liqueur.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And, some hints of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm gonna.
David S. Kong: I say something, I don't know anything about alcohol, but I, you know, I say some alcohol-grade sounding things.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then, Akato's like, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, the best pairing with that?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Mmm! What I have right here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What's that?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kaito says something awesome.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, okay. Let's find out.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not giving it to you, I will, I will, I will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But first…
David S. Kong: But first, but first…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know about this elf etiquette.
David S. Kong: Etiquette.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I kinda know about elf etiquette, huh.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Your names?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's what?
David S. Kong: Your names.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pandel and, whatever I said before. I think it was choppy, but I didn't write it down.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay, alright, whatever. Pandel and what? Hansel and Gretel? What is this? Shelby, I think? Yeah, I was like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Something with a B, I thought.
Tim Sackton: We'll get it from the transcript later.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright, well…
Kate Sackton: Handel and his friend.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay, Pandal… Pandolin, Pandolin Friend.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, Kaito's like, okay, look.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So…
David S. Kong: But how did you guys get to this party? Like, where, like, you're from Chardon, but how'd you get from Chardon to the road?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We… Wee… We've got the boat here, we liberated the boat.
David S. Kong: You liberated the boat with you?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the river.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Before that, we were on the Rabbit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before that, it was morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before that, we lived in Chardon?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, man, it's… I guess… I guess it's a little…
David S. Kong: Wait, okay, so you were in Chardon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: And then, and then, and then what happens?
David S. Kong: To the boat?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, the boat was later, then it was morning. It was really beautiful, the sun was coming up.
David S. Kong: But beautiful, beautiful in, in charted in the morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, we were, we were outside, we were, we, we were…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You are not encharted.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We were in a caravan, right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We were headed northeast.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe we were going to see elves? I don't… I don't remember exactly.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We were there…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then we took our… We took it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thor Alice?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Living near Chardon?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, right?
Tim Sackton: Not for hundreds of years.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What?
Tim Sackton: After the Great War?
Tim Sackton: They all laughed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Great! Wha- first of all, first of all, first of all.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: First of all, I'm gonna give you a piece of advice.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No war is great.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Cheers to that. Cheers to that.
David S. Kong: On that note, .
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kaito pops up in the flask, pours out just a tiny shot.
David S. Kong: Passes it over, pours out a shot for himself for the two halflings.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Huh?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They gratefully accept.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We all throw it back. Just, just a little, just a little, you know, little taste.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But they left. I mean, it's good, it's good shit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you mean?
Tim Sackton: Chamat?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Chanel? Is that… A friend of yours?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, you know.
Tim Sackton: Charo kind of sits down next to them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think you might have been here for…
Tim Sackton: Many hundreds of years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do… do… .
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Do you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Huh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you mean, the piece of Vallandros?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The end of the wars in the West? Is that what you're talking about? I don't call that a great war.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pretty good work.
Tim Sackton: No, I don't know what that is.
David S. Kong: Does, Kaito know what that is?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can make a… anyone who is in earshot can make a history check.
Tim Sackton: Sabinian is the only one who knows history.
David S. Kong: Damn it. 5.
Kate Sackton: looking for wine.
Mike: Yeah, same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No. What he said sounds just as much like gibberish to you as what you said to him.
Tim Sackton: You've been here for hundreds of years.
Tim Sackton: Come, why don't you stand up and walk with us to find the wine?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the, I mean, because it involves standing…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, I will come with you to find the win. I do not want…
Tim Sackton: We can't just sit here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't want to talk to the Lord of the Manor again, though, that guy gives you, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brain teasers. Oh, yeah. She's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, that's why, that's, that's why my friend was so wrong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the Lord of the Manor told us he is not afraid of his neighbors, He respects them, And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I think that just means he's afraid of them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, it doesn't matter.
David S. Kong: Wait, can you tell us… just tell us everything you know about the Lord, the manor. We're curious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god, this is, like, the most serious guy you have ever met. He's so… he's so… and then… but there's all this stuff…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he's, like, sad about that, too, and you're like, oh, no! But… but also, I mean, he's like, so you don't feel too…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, like, you want to give him a hug, but you should NOT give him a hug, because he's not the sort of person you give a hug to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think if there's one thing you take away… Just not… the hugs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ugh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that, does that answer your question?
Tim Sackton: Come… come for a stroll with us.
Tim Sackton: Let's… let's find some wine and… and maybe clear your heads a bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He allows himself to be persuaded and helps his friend up, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Follow after you.
Tim Sackton: I think my… I mean, I'm happy to walk with them, but my main goal is to find… now I strongly suspect that…
Tim Sackton: everybody here has been here for far longer than they think. I want to find another…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Human or mortal of some kind, probably not an elf.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, so…
Kate Sackton: Have Edric and I run into anyone on our way to a fine wine?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes, you see two… Obvious… mortals.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One of whom is in the library, napping behind a couch, in the space between the couch and the wall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Possibly sleeping it off?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then in the… In the room where there's a bar set up along…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: one corner. You can see through an open archway .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a funny intuition, because just looking at him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: he's not… Species that you're…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): familiar with, but you get the strong impression that he is both mortal.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: and sober, more importantly, apparently, at this party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it's a, something like a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tigerman? Like, with the massive head of a Bengal tiger.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But the body… I mean, the fur-covered, powerful body of a man.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Paws and a tail wearing…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A waistcoat and a smoking jacket.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Silk pants and, smoking a pipe.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What on earth about such a person would give us the impression that he's not fae?
Mike: Would the natural assumption be that this is a fae of some kind?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You would, but there's something in the way that he makes eye contact?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: If all of the other guests are, in a way.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Stuck in their own loops, or like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Captive to the moment of the party?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a quality that he's not.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: See you, comp.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's a way in which he's… alert differently?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe he is a fave, but you get the impression that it's… No.
Mike: where is he compared to the bar? Is he, like, in the same room as them?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you've come through the house, like, through a big entry ballroom, and then through the library where you saw the sky, and then in this other room, sort of on the back side of the house, that is set up with the bar on one side, and very picked-over food tables on the other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And there's a big double doors in that room that opens out onto yet another patio on the far side of the house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he's sitting in a chair out there. And he notices you walking into the room with the bar.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And gives a little, head nod to you, in recognition.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'll sort of…
Mike: Not awkwardly, but I'm mostly focused on finding a bottle of wine for the halflings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the bar is unstaffed at this point in the night, and this whole…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, the whole room and the whole house, in fact.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just everywhere you look, there are signs of this party ending. The tone of voice, even when you don't hear the words that people are speaking in, is just a little… little sharper, a little less patient.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): None of the windows are open the same amount, you know, because different people have opened them over the course of the night, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a rug in the library folded over that's not folded back down again. The floor is sticky in here now, and instead of just being on the little high tops to collect used, dishes, dirty dishes and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wine glasses and cutlery are sort of everywhere and anywhere, and the remains of the buffet have probably sat out a little too long for people to be eating them, and all the good things have been picked over. This is just, like, broccoli left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the bar is unstaffed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could certainly go behind and look for what's there.
Mike: Yeah, sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's nothing still sealed, but there's one bottle that's, like, a solid 3 quarters of the way full.
Kate Sackton: Patrick, let's take a detour with that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: they're…
Kate Sackton: the… Halflings will still be grateful for it if we… if we delay a bit.
Kate Sackton: I'd like to… Meet this other guest.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man.
Kate Sackton: walk into the room where he is, and I say, I hope you don't mind our…
Kate Sackton: Intruding in the quiet of this space.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, this is the, tigerman smoking his pipe on the porch? Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in a deep voice that is half a purr and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): half, gravelly gravel. He says, not at all, not at all. And he gestures with his pipe to bring chairs. There's no one else out in this space.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Please.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sit?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tell me your stories.
Kate Sackton: Have you had a chance to collect the stories of many of the guests at this gathering?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have, but,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll tell you a secret.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the two of you are also going to die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The thing that's the most interesting to me
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Isn't the stories of the guest, but the stories of our host.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And by speaking to the guests, I've pieced together why this party is ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he smiles a very broad, and… Extremely toothy grin. This is… Not like a… human-sized…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tiger head, but a… massive. He's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seated, but probably 8 feet tall if he were to stand up.
Kate Sackton: Sounds like a very satisfactory mystery to have put He's together.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will say, I feel a bit, smug.
Kate Sackton: I would not have all your hard work.
Kate Sackton: Wasted, but perhaps you could… Give some hints.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mmm.
Kate Sackton: So this delayed…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will you trade me for it?
Kate Sackton: Whoa.
Kate Sackton: Not inclined to tell my stories.
Kate Sackton: Went in a new place.
Kate Sackton: I'm not sure of… practices.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Kate Sackton: We are… Traveling together, Edric and I, and we have some stories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are you from?
Kate Sackton: We're from Toland.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have a home there?
Kate Sackton: I do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Allow me to stay in your home for a month and a day the next time I'm in Tolin.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Is there a significance of that timing among your people?
Kate Sackton: I've not met anyone like you before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): were Southerners, mostly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's mostly that I think I have about a month's worth of… Sights to see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a big city, after all.
Kate Sackton: Does it matter that I don't own the home?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have a room of your own, undisturbed?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then I'll have that for a month and a day.
Kate Sackton: Well, it's unlikely that my parents would object.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He reaches out at Paul, which is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, easily 4 or 5 times the size of your own hand to shake.
Kate Sackton: Edric, can you.
Mike: Kind of looking at you like, are you sure you want to do this?
Kate Sackton: I don't. I'm looking at… I'm asking you a question to distract from shaking this creature's hand.
Kate Sackton: Edric, have you met my parents?
Mike: I… yes?
Kate Sackton: You would want me to ask their permission?
Kate Sackton: Because I'm sorry, sir, I'm beginning to wonder if I ought to.
Kate Sackton: And they're not…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It would be easier if I arrived as a man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would be happy to.
Kate Sackton: I mean, some of my best friends look…
Kate Sackton: Like, all na… all number of animals, and… well, not that's a wrong way of saying that, I've got to say that a different way.
Kate Sackton: Not everybody knows theirs is a van.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He occupies himself with, or,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Has the affectation, at least, of fiddling with his pipe and sprinkling him in fresh tobacco from a pouch on his belt.
Kate Sackton: Oh, that's very thoughtful of you, to cover my blunders.
Kate Sackton: I don't think it would matter what you… I don't think it matters what you look like, sir.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, that's very open-minded of you.
Kate Sackton: Is there anything other than a stay in my parents' home, which I cannot grant, that I could offer you for a hint at your discovery?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have any keys on your personnel?
Kate Sackton: Don't have any keys.
Kate Sackton: But my friend could… probably has one. He tends to have interesting things in his pockets.
Kate Sackton: I haven't seen Taric in a while.
Tim Sackton: Eric has gotta have a key on him.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's what I think.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do it in exchange.
Kate Sackton: Where we don't know where it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly.
Kate Sackton: Speak of the devil.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eric, how you doing?
Kate Sackton: in here with a key in his pocket, that would be perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was no fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I missed that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oops.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Real-life use of stealth, though, to get out of the room once they're finally asleep, which…
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on, outside sides.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Come into the party.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: talked to a couple of extremely drunk halflings that may have been in the Feywild for…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hundreds upon hundreds of years.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… Iveen and Edric are in a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): back porch of the house, where they've stumbled into a rakshasa, a giant.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tiger person, smoking a pipe.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Who's told them that he has figured out the story of the Lord of the party.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the lord of the Manor here, and is willing to trade it. First, he tried to get a stay in Kate's, excuse me, in Iveen's parents' home for a month and a day, but she seemed to decide that was a bad idea, and now he's asking for,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the key.
Tim Sackton: So we're thinking Taric might wander by with a key at this precise moment, since surely Taric has keys in his pocket.
Kate Sackton: Preferably keys you don't care about, that belong to somebody else we don't even care.
Kate Sackton: What they're talking about.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Eric would never have keys.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Dude, it's…
Tim Sackton: own stuff.
Kate Sackton: Exactly.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, of course, Taric has a set of keys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The…
Kate Sackton: Okay?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tarek, as you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cross through one of the rooms in the manor, he catches your eye and waves you over with an immense.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tiger paw, says, come, come, we were just, speaking of you, I believe.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Your friends have, made a deal in your name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You have keys on you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have keys of many kinds.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Mmm. Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Allow me to share insight.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: keys of wisdom.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Keys to cryptograms.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Choose three.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I need keys for doors.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Mmm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well… And Tarek rummages around in his…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Garments for a minute, patting his pockets.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keys to the museum.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he… Brings his whole face over very close, and takes out a pair of spectacles and puts them on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And looks long and deep at each of the keys.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Picks 3 with… No discernible reason that you can tell from any of them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And slips them into his waistcoat pocket. Takes off his spectacles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sits back in his chair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Takes a long puff on the pipe that he's smoking from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It says, Mmm… this is… This is a delicious story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A delicious story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came to the Twilight Kingdom. To the dozen dozen houses…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because there are certain things you can only find in Twilight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Things that have been lost and can't be found again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): places that can never be returned to, and I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In my younger days, got obsessive about that sort of a time, that moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The moment all of the past has ended, but before the future's begun yet, the moment when things are beginning…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But haven't yet begun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I got, you might say, obsessive over this, and decided…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would spend a day traveling the Twilight Kingdoms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I pieced this together from the various guests.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Most of the ones who are here now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Arrived at the party when it was just beginning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or arrived here, too, when it was in full swing, before…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he gestures to the sort of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ineffitable feeling of everything coming apart.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The height of the party.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The neighbors. The neighbors.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: who lived… One house down the street, at the height of the party.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: came to the lord of this house, whose name was Lord Revel.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Revel Beginning.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And they wanted from him
Audio shared by David S. Kong: sort of a bargain. They wanted an agreement. They wanted him to do something for them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That any mortal who visited the party Sooner or later.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would be sent through the front door of their house, just up the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's difficult to persuade a Feylord of anything at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): More difficult still.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To persuade him to do harm to his guests.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which surely breaks one of the most basic rules of the dozen dozen houses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They gave him first things they found precious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sort of things humans found precious. Books from their library.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A bird that could speak every language?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A map of the stars that twilight had not yet revealed overhead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But for Lord Revel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This was of no consequence. Every guest brings gifts to his party. Or, he says, chuckling, looking over you, or bribes the guards.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So next… Thinking that he wanted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inspiration for his revelry, they gave him stories of human revelry, of fireworks like rainbows, above a city made entirely of towers and pyramids.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of does.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They told him…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): About the 10 days of celebration that followed the Emperor's coronation, and everything they saw there, performers, from the endless ocean and beyond it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They told him stories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of how the bonfires burned through the longest night on the floating cities.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Far beyond the edge of the endless ocean. But none of these stories of Revel were of any value. Not to Lord Revel, who was himself Revelry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the dozen dozen houses of the Twilight Kingdom have celebrations for which there is no word in mortal tongue to describe them. So in desperation, drawing on some book of lore they must have found, they challenged him instead to a game, to a contest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A game of poetry. A game of naming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoever could most beautifully name Lord Revel's estate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, then they could ask one favor of the other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord Revel went.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: First.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Spoke the name?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As it had been all evening long.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wide lungs.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Spread down easy.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hanging lanterns welcome you. A party begins, Lord Revel. Beginning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But this wizard… Guessed correctly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That Revel was trapped inside of his own story. Trapped, in fact, by his own immortality, trapped by the frozenness in time, unable to imagine that his story had any other moment, or could have any other moment in it except for the present.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This wizard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Guessed correctly that Revel could not imagine…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the wine would spill and run out, that the guests would slowly drift away, and the players on the patio grow tired.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the wizard did not speak the name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of this house as it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He spoke the name of this house as it would become.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Saying, Wide lawns gone askew.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hanging lanterns flicker low. A party ending. Lord, endless ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And in that act of naming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With whatever power and lore this human had at his disposal in that act of naming.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The lord of the house looked up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And saw, indeed, it was so. Empty glasses sat on every surface.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Already the candles were burning out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And a small boat was already in the water, the rowers calling out farewell, and the chill of evening entered the air for the first time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that is the moment it has been.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ever since.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: From time to time, The grandfather clock chimes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And Lord.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Endlessly ending sends another mortal guest down the road, but whether that's been once…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or a hundred times.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Who can say?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And at the edges of his vision, just beyond where he can see, Despair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hovers around the Lord now, not of reveled beginning, but of an endless ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And soon he will be alone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In an empty, messy house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The best.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well behind him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's our host.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that's enough story.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: For me, I had just… one more…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bull to smoke.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I go on to the next of the kingdoms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The next of the houses, I should say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And there, he falls, silent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smiling, and you do hear a deep purr emerging from somewhere low, low in his throat. A self-satisfied sound.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Utterly independent.
Tim Sackton: How long have you been here?
Tim Sackton: What I'll say is I, like…
Tim Sackton: Me and the halflings stumble up on the last, like, third of that story.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In truth, I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I knew that I wouldn't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When I came to this place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was born in the year of three eclipses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I don't know if that means anything to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like I said, my home is far.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Far from Tolin, Human cities.
Kate Sackton: Does it matter to you to leave before the grandfather clock chimes again?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That is the question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I very much would not like to test my strength against the Lord, but there are… at least…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2, 3… Three others that I know of… Actually, no, 4…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 4 others that I know of. There's a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a human around here somewhere, not sleeping at off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I have some time… yeah.
Kate Sackton: The guards don't mind if we leave by the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed, they do not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I fear it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're not… Here to guard you, but to guard what sometimes comes down those roads.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're the… Ones who keep those roads safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We keep the travelers safe, as they go from house to house, like me.
Kate Sackton: We could choose the path of being travelers, going from house to house.
Kate Sackton: In this twilight space.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But come, tell me now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What brought you here?
Tim Sackton: You know a Lord Hulda.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No. No. Was he the angry man?
Kate Sackton: So yes, you know our friend, Lord Holt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did… I tell you, I did not hear the conversation, but I saw the conversation. It was… hilarious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're gonna bully a lord in his own men that… oh…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's lucky he made it up, period.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Holda sent you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To do whatever errand he could not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm, not quite.
Tim Sackton: sure what holds us up to, to be honest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I'll offer you one piece of advice in exchange for no keys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Shouting doesn't work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is the errand that he sent you on?
Kate Sackton: I would just dish the hard goss of… It's Twilight Kingdom.
Tim Sackton: I already have decent insight.
Tim Sackton: What's my sense of the sky?
Mike: Actually, I have pretty good insight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Y'all can do a round of insight checks.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I have okay insight.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I… I don't…
Mike: I don't think I've rolled, as this character yet, higher than a 5.
Mike: I rolled a 3.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I rolled at 11.
Kate Sackton: We all rolled terrible insight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): are horrible!
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Oh wait, you know what? I have heroic inspiration. I'm gonna roll again.
Kate Sackton: Your life's gotta change sometime?
Mike: 16.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 16 or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: 109.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And less so.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Edric. Okay, so… so the rest of you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the rest of you… our.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just… taken with…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just sort of taken with the strangeness of his story, and don't quite know what to make of it, or how to get a read on him, and that… there's just so much ambiguity.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Edric.
Mike: Hold on, before you…
Mike: I'm just… I'm, like, literally gonna go up to him when he's, like, asking this. I'm gonna, like, sort of… almost reach my hand out to, like, pat him on the shoulder, shake him, or whatever the most appropriate thing is, and be like, look him in the eye, and be like, can we trust you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he…
Mike: And then feed that into the, like, I'm watching for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Totally.
Mike: action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I love it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You place a hand on his shoulder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he turns and looks up at you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Through cat eyes that are absolutely unwavering and unblinking?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And in that moment, your sense is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not that he's trustworthy or untrustworthy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He absolutely and entirely keeps his own counsel and goes about his own business, of which you are no part or real concern.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, cats can be lovely and affectionate, but every so often, a cat will look at you, and you just understand deeply the, like, utter alien-ness of that mind. Like, just the impossibility of understanding, is this…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you going to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sleep on my lap or bite me, and it's… it's not… I don't mean it in the sense of threat as much as…
Eric Rosenbaum: disinterest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): disintra… yeah, exactly. You are… You're not just minor characters in his story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): By the time when it comes for him to use those keys, for whatever purpose he's taken them for, he will hardly remember that you were the ones he got them from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's no malevolence there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You also know not to mistake that for friendship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Mike: You know, we've…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But he's not being untruthful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's also, like, the… It's almost like it's not… it's not worth being untruthful.
Mike: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's not playing with his dinner.
Tim Sackton: Drawn calflink said or anything during this entire time?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Drunk halflings did not make it past the bar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They found a variety of half-empties that they've been hard at work on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fact, you can't see them, but you can hear them behind the bar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): By the… clattering of… glass.
Kate Sackton: What signal does Edric give us to his…
Mike: Well, Edge access.
Mike: I don't… I think I actually rightly understands what we're here for.
Mike: But he kind of gestures over it.
Mike: Charo or… or… Kaito.
Mike: Maybe one of them could explain it.
Mike: Or Avin.
Mike: Whoever normally explains these things. I don't know, who has… who's smart in the party? I don't really remember.
Tim Sackton: Well, VIN has the highest intelligence, I think.
Kate Sackton: I guess I do.
Tim Sackton: Tarek's pretty smart, too.
Kate Sackton: decent intelligence. Why didn't I go about and say.
Kate Sackton: It's been helpful to hear the story of the…
Kate Sackton: Wizard neighbor and the changing of the nature of the party.
Kate Sackton: With the naming.
Kate Sackton: Seems like that was an agreement that was formed. One might even call it a truce.
Kate Sackton: And we were told that we needed to persuade the Lord to break His truce.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is the only bargain struck that I know of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): IQ.
Kate Sackton: Air… Not wanting to break a truce.
Kate Sackton: it was… Protecting.
Kate Sackton: Those who needed protecting.
Kate Sackton: This truce, in fact, seems to be forcing the Lord to withdraw his protection where he does not want to.
Kate Sackton: I am motivated to try to persuade him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): None of the mortals that he sends out Ever returns to this party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But whether that's good or bad, who can say?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And perhaps…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): having… Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Having been tricked through cunning into accepting this, agreement, or… Bargain, treaty, whatever it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perhaps, having been forced into it through cunning, he'll be… receptive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To ending it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he falls silent and returns to his pipe again.
Mike: Brows is around, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, as you came through, you cut through the library…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's, you know, sort of a ballroom, there's… You know, whole…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cellars, and a second floor to the house, and more and on. Dining rooms, kitchens… I mean, it's a big…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a big estate, but the public spaces seem to be…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What, bar and buffet? Ballroom? Library?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then all of these outdoor spaces.
Mike: He mentions another human.
Kate Sackton: Person sleeping on the floor in between the couch and the wall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, he seemed to suggest there was another one besides that, but you haven't seen this other one.
Mike: I'm gonna walk around just looking for another human.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How much later do y'all want to go tonight?
Mike: Mmm…
Kate Sackton: Not much.
Mike: 5 minutes?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's perfect.
Kate Sackton: But I'm tired.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything else open that y'all want to do before wrapping? Because I have a good…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wrap for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess we'll have to make up some way in which Tarek really enjoyed the party, but things got a little hazy.
Mike: No, I mean, the only thing I was after was looking for this other human.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna say a thing that doesn't make sense, and I'm not going to explain it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You hear the clock strike zero.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And as you're going through the house looking for this other human,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see, at the far end of the ballroom, In an open door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there is the Lord of the House, the Lord Endless Ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's facing you… Taller than… the human… In front of him, And he has a face.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That you get the impression that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The face you see him wearing is not actually what his face is. Like, there's something older, or underneath, or below a kind of a human mask, almost, something wilder, or less contained, or less containable.
Mike: Is this the same guy that the owl saw with the, like, weird mask thing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Precisely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something unstable, like an unguessed guess in a guessing game, like an unfinished story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, a third act, which hasn't happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can't hear it, but you see him stoop slightly to whisper a word in the ear.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As a human, Who's come up to him just after the clock stops striking zero.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And the human… Nods, and straightens, and hurries out the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Lord…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Endlessly ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Locks eyes with you across the room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And gestures for you to come closer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that's where we'll leave it for tonight.
Tim Sackton: Just so you know, I am going to telepathically tell my owl familiar to follow the human.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's so good.
Mike: How far away is he?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe it says 70 feet from one… 80 feet from one end of the ballroom to the other?
Eric Rosenbaum: And I assume it's completely clear what
Eric Rosenbaum: The notion of treaty refers to at this point.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not everything.
Mike: kill it now.
Kate Sackton: We have… we have a small working theory based on our conversation with the Tiger Man.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Roxasha was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Extremely confident that that's what it was, but… That doesn't mean it is.
Mike: Hold on, I'm just looking at one thing.
Mike: I have to look it up deeply.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, what the treaty… it's… I guess I should say.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's… clear what…
Tim Sackton: The treaty was described as.
Tim Sackton: Why it is something that we could possibly convince him to break, but he can't choose to break himself, is completely opaque.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I think on that point, in the story.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He was challenged to… Poetry game, a naming game.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Where the winner had to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Except, you know, had to do…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you know, er, sorry, where the loser had to accept whatever the winner wants. So, presumably, there's… something binding to that, at least…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Rakshafs have done so.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Rakshasa is the tiger guy.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is that a…
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Sure, I guess Char is not convinced about the feasibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, fuck.
Tim Sackton: a bunch of Tolan misfits winning some kind of poetry contest against a fey lord.
Mike: Not after the.
Tim Sackton: Not sure he wants…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What?
Mike: Might, he might want us to win.
Tim Sackton: Possibly he wants us to win.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He didn't… he didn't enter into this thing voluntarily, as far as I can tell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He entered into it.
Mike: Under duress by some…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wizard who bested him.
Mike: he doesn't… he doesn't have any power to break it whatsoever. He needs somebody clever enough to…
Mike: Understand how to break it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: with… some… trickery, or I don't know.
Mike: But it doesn't strike me as the kind of thing that he could just break if he's bound by it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hmm.
Mike: That's my take, at least, is that it's…
Mike: He doesn't have the ability to break it, but it's not a matter of raw power, it's that…
Mike: The deal he's under is such that…
Mike: He might not even know he wants to break in.
Tim Sackton: We'll find out next time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right along.
Mike: I liked your… I liked your revelry.